# Chapter 29

 Error Messages

Error messages may be subdivided into three categories. These are:

1. Error messages generated during the development of a code model (Preprocessor Error
Messages).

2. Error messages generated by the simulator during a simulation run (Simulator Error Messages).

3. Error messages generated by individual code models (Code Model Error Messages).

These messages will be explained in detail in the following subsections.

## 29.1 Preprocessor Error Messages

The following is a list of error messages that may be encountered when invoking the directorycreation and code modeling preprocessor tools. These are listed individually, and explanations
follow the name/listing.
```
  Usage: cmpp [-ifs] [-mod [<filename>]] [-lst]

```
The Code Model Preprocessor (cmpp) command was invoked incorrectly.
```
  ERROR - Too few arguments

```
The Code Model Preprocessor (cmpp) command was invoked with too few arguments.
```
  ERROR - Too many arguments

```
The Code Model Preprocessor (cmpp) command was invoked with too many arguments.
```
  ERROR - Unrecognized argument

```

-----

The Code Model Preprocessor (cmpp) command was invoked with an invalid argument.
```
  ERROR - File not found: s<filename>

```
The specified file was not found, or could not be opened for read access.
```
  ERROR - Line <line number> of <filename> exceeds XX characters

```
The specified line was too long.
```
  ERROR - Pathname on line <line number> of <filename>
       exceeds XX characters.

```
The specified line was too long.
```
  ERROR - No pathnames found in file: <filename>

```
The indicated modpath.lst file does not have pathnames properly listed.
```
  ERROR - Problems reading ifspec.ifs in directory <pathname>

```
The Interface Specification File (ifspec.ifs) for the code model could not be read.
```
  ERROR - Model name <model name> is same as internal SPICE model name

```
A model has been given the same name as an intrinsic SPICE device.
```
  ERROR - Model name ’<model name>’ in directory: <pathname>
       is same as
       model name ’<model name>’ in directory: <pathname>

```
Two models in different directories have the same name.
```
  ERROR - C function name ’<function name>’ in directory: <pathname>,
       is same as
       C function name ’<function name>’ in directory: <pathname>

```
Two C language functions in separate model directories have the same names; these would
cause a collision when linking the final executable.
```
  ERROR - Problems opening CMextrn.h for write

```

-----

The temporary file CMextern.h used in building the XSPICE simulator executable could not
be created or opened. Check permissions on directory.
```
  ERROR - Problems opening CMinfo.h for write

```
The temporary file CMinfo.h used in building the XSPICE simulator executable could not be
created or opened. Check permissions on directory.
```
  ERROR - Problems opening objects.inc file for write

```
The temporary file objects.inc used in building the XSPICE simulator executable could not be
created or opened. Check permissions on directory.
```
  ERROR - Could not open input .mod file: <filename>

```
The Model Definition File that contains the definition of the Code Model’s behavior (usually
cfunc.mod) was not found or could not be read.
```
  ERROR - Could not open output .c: <filename>

```
The indicated C language file that the preprocessor creates could not be created or opened.
Check permissions on directory.
```
  Error parsing .mod file: <filename>

```
Problems were encountered by the preprocessor in interpreting the indicated Model Definition
File.
```
  ERROR - File not found: <filename>

```
The indicated file was not found or could not be opened.
```
  Error parsing interface specification file

```
Problems were encountered by the preprocessor in interpreting the indicated Interface Specification File.
```
  ERROR - Can’t create file: <filename>

```
The indicated file could not be created or opened. Check permissions on directory.
```
  ERROR - write.port.info() - Number of allowed types cannot be zero

```
There must be at least one port type specified in the list of allowed types.


-----

```
  illegal quoted character in string (expected "\" or "\\")

```
A string was found with an illegal quoted character in it.
```
  unterminated string literal

```
A string was found that was not terminated.
```
  Unterminated comment

```
A comment was found that was not terminated.
```
  Port ’<port name>’ not found

```
The indicated port name was not found in the Interface Specification File.
```
  Port type ’vnam’ is only valid for ’in’ ports

```
The port type vnam was used for a port with direction out or inout. This type is only allowed
on in ports.
```
  Port types ’g’, ’gd’, ’h’, ’hd’ are only valid for ’inout’ ports

```
Port type g, gd, h, or hd was used for a port with direction out or in. These types are only
allowed on inout ports.
```
  Invalid parameter type - POINTER type valid only for STATIC_VARs

```
The type POINTER was used in a section of the Interface Specification file other than the
STATIC_VAR section.
```
  Port default type is not an allowed type

```
A default type was specified that is not one of the allowed types for the port.
```
  Incompatible port types in ‘allowed_types’ clause

```
Port types listed under ‘Allowed_Types’ in the Interface Specification File must all have the
same underlying data type. It is illegal to mix analog and event driven types in a list of allowed
types.
```
  Invalid parameter type (saw <parameter type 1> - expected <parameter type 2>)

```

-----

A parameter value was not compatible with the specified type for the parameter.
```
  Named range not allowed for limits

```
A name was found where numeric limits were expected.
```
  Direction of port ’<port number>’ in <port name>()
   is not <IN or OUT> or INOUT

```
A problem exists with the direction of one of the elements of a port vector.
```
  Port ’<port name>’ is an array - subscript required

```
A port was referenced that is specified as an array (vector) in the Interface Specification File. A
subscript is required (e.g. myport[i])
```
  Parameter ’<parameter name>’ is an array - subscript required

```
A parameter was referenced that is specified as an array (vector) in the Interface Specification
File. A subscript is required (e.g. myparam[i])
```
  Port ’<port name>’ is not an array - subscript prohibited

```
A port was referenced that is not specified as an array (vector) in the Interface Specification
File. A subscript is not allowed.
```
  Parameter ’<parameter name>’ is not an array - subscript prohibited

```
A parameter was referenced that is not specified as an array (vector) in the Interface Specification File. A subscript is not allowed.
```
  Static variable ’<static variable name>’ is not an array - subscript prohibited

```
Array static variables are not supported. Use a POINTER type for the static variable.
```
  Buffer overflow - try reducing the complexity of CM-macro array subscripts

```
The argument to a code model accessor macro was too long.
```
  Unmatched )

```
An open ( was found with no corresponding closing ).
```
  Unmatched ]

```
An open [ was found with no corresponding closing ].


-----

## 29.2 Simulator Error Messages

The following is a list of error messages that may be encountered while attempting to run a
simulation (with the exception of those error messages generated by individual code models).
Most of these errors are generated by the simulator while attempting to parse a SPICE deck.
These are listed individually, and explanations follow the name/listing.
```
  ERROR - Scalar port expected, [ found

```
A scalar connection was expected for a particular port on the code model, but the symbol [,
which is used to begin a vector connection list, was found.
```
  ERROR - Unexpected ]

```
A ] was found where not expected. Most likely caused by a missing [.
```
  ERROR - Unexpected [ - Arrays of arrays not allowed

```
A [ character was found within an array list already begun with another [ character.
```
  ERROR - Tilde not allowed on analog nodes

```
The tilde character ~ was found on an analog connection. This symbol, which performs state
inversion, is only allowed on digital nodes and on User-Defined Nodes only if the node type
definition allows it.
```
  ERROR - Not enough ports

```
An insufficient number of node connections was supplied on the instance line. Check the Interface Specification File for the model to determine the required connections and their types.
```
  ERROR - Expected node/instance identifier

```
A special token (e.g. [ ] < > ...) was found when not expected.
```
  ERROR - Expected node identifier

```
A special token (e.g. [ ] < > ...) was found when not expected.
```
  ERROR - unable to find definition of model <name>

```
A .model line for the referenced model was not found.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Array parameter expected - No array delimiter found

```

-----

An array (vector) parameter was expected on the .model card, but enclosing [ ] characters were
not found to delimit its values.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Unexpected end of model card

```
The end of the indicated .model line was reached before all required information was supplied.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Array parameter must have at least one value

```
An array parameter was encountered that had no values.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Bad boolean value

```
A bad values was supplied for a Boolean. Value used must be TRUE, FALSE, T, or F.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Bad integer, octal, or hex value

```
A badly formed integer value was found.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Bad real value

```
A badly formed real value was found.
```
  ERROR - model: %s - Bad complex value

```
A badly formed complex number was found. Complex numbers must be enclosed in < > delimiters.

## 29.3 Code Model Error Messages

The following is a list of error messages that may be encountered while attempting to run a
simulation with certain code models. These are listed alphabetically based on the name of the
code model, and explanations follow the name and listing.

### 29.3.1 Code Model aswitch
```
  cntl_error:
     *****ERROR*****
     ASWITCH: CONTROL voltage delta less than 1.0e-12

```
This message occurs as a result of the cntl_off and cntl_on values being less than 1.0e-12 volts/amperes apart.


-----

### 29.3.2 Code Model climit
```
  climit_range_error:
     **** ERROR ****
     * CLIMIT function linear range less than zero. *

```
This message occurs whenever the difference between the upper and lower control input values
are close enough that there is no effective room for proper limiting to occur; this indicates an
error in the control input values.

### 29.3.3 Code Model core
```
  allocation_error:
     ***ERROR***
     CORE: Allocation calloc failed!

```
This message is a generic message related to allocating sufficient storage for the H and B array
values.
```
  limit_error:
    ***ERROR***
    CORE: Violation of 50% rule in breakpoints!

```
This message occurs whenever the input domain value is an absolute value and the H coordinate
points are spaced too closely together (overlap of the smoothing regions will occur unless the
H values are redefined).

### 29.3.4 Code Model d_osc
```
  d_osc_allocation_error:
     **** Error ****
     D_OSC: Error allocating VCO block storage

```
Generic block storage allocation error.
```
  d_osc_array_error:
     **** Error ****
     D_OSC: Size of control array different than frequency array

```
Error occurs when there is a different number of control array members than frequency array
members.
```
  d_osc_negative_freq_error:
     **** Error ****
     D_OSC: The extrapolated value for frequency
     has been found to be negative...
     Lower frequency level has been clamped to 0.0 Hz.

```
Occurs whenever a control voltage is input to a model that would ordinarily (given the specified
control/freq coordinate points) cause that model to attempt to generate an output oscillating at
zero frequency. In this case, the output will be clamped to some DC value until the control
voltage returns to a more reasonable value.


-----

### 29.3.5 Code Model d_source
```
  loading_error:
     ***ERROR***
     D_SOURCE: source.txt file was not read successfully.

```
This message occurs whenever the d source model has experienced any difficulty in loading the
source.txt (or user-specified) file. This will occur with any of the following problems:

  - Width of a vector line of the source file is incorrect.

  - A time-point value is duplicated or is otherwise not monotonically increasing.

  - One of the output values was not a valid 12-State value (0s, 1s, Us, 0r, 1r, Ur, 0z, 1z, Uz,
0u, 1u, Uu).

### 29.3.6 Code Model d_state
```
  loading_error:
     ***ERROR***
     D_STATE: state.in file was not read successfully.
     The most common cause of this problem is a trailing
     blank line in the state.in file

```
This error occurs when the state.in file (or user-named state machine input file) has not been
read successfully. This is due to one of the following:

  - The counted number of tokens in one of the file’s input lines does not equal that required
to define either a state header or a continuation line (Note that all comment lines are
ignored, so these will never cause the error to occur).

  - An output state value was defined using a symbol that was invalid (i.e., it was not one of
the following: 0s, 1s, Us, 0r, 1r, Ur, 0z, 1z, Uz, 0u, 1u, Uu).

  - An input value was defined using a symbol that was invalid (i.e., it was not one of the
following: 0, 1, X, or x).
```
  index_error:
    ***ERROR***
    D_STATE: An error exists in the ordering of states values
    in the states->state[] array. This is usually caused
    by non-contiguous state definitions in the state.in file

```
This error is caused by the different state definitions in the input file being non-contiguous. In
general, it will refer to the different states not being defined uniquely, or being ‘broken up’ in
some fashion within the state.in file.


-----

### 29.3.7 Code Model oneshot
```
  oneshot_allocation_error:
     **** Error ****
     ONESHOT: Error allocating oneshot block storage

```
Generic storage allocation error.
```
  oneshot_array_error:
     **** Error ****
     ONESHOT: Size of control array different than pulse-width array

```
This error indicates that the control array and pulse-width arrays are of different sizes.
```
  oneshot_pw_clamp:
     **** Warning ****
     ONESHOT: Extrapolated Pulse-Width Limited to zero

```
This error indicates that for the current control input, a pulse-width of less than zero is indicated.
The model will consequently limit the pulse width to zero until the control input returns to a
more reasonable value.

### 29.3.8 Code Model pwl
```
  allocation_error:
     ***ERROR***
     PWL: Allocation calloc failed!

```
Generic storage allocation error.
```
  limit_error:
     ***ERROR***
     PWL: Violation of 50% rule in breakpoints!

```
This error message indicates that the pwl model has an absolute value for its input domain, and
that the x_array coordinates are so close together that the required smoothing regions would
overlap. To fix the problem, you can either spread the x_array coordinates out or make the
input domain value smaller.

### 29.3.9 Code Model s_xfer
```
  num_size_error:
     ***ERROR***
     S_XFER: Numerator coefficient array size greater than
     denominator coefficient array size.

```
This error message indicates that the order of the numerator polynomial specified is greater
than that of the denominator. For the s_xfer model, the orders of numerator and denominator
polynomials must be equal, or the order of the denominator polynomial must be greater than
that or the numerator.


-----

### 29.3.10 Code Model sine
```
  allocation_error:
     **** Error ****
     SINE: Error allocating sine block storage

```
Generic storage allocation error.
```
  sine_freq_clamp:
     **** Warning ****
     SINE: Extrapolated frequency limited to 1e-16 Hz

```
This error occurs whenever the controlling input value is such that the output frequency ordinarily would be set to a negative value. Consequently, the output frequency has been clamped to
a near-zero value.
```
  array_error:
     **** Error ****
     SINE: Size of control array different than frequency array

```
This error message normally occurs whenever the controlling input array and the frequency
array are different sizes.

### 29.3.11 Code Model square
```
  square_allocation_error:
     **** Error ****
     SQUARE: Error allocating square block storage

```
Generic storage allocation error.
```
  square_freq_clamp:
     **** WARNING ****
     SQUARE: Frequency extrapolation limited to 1e-16

```
This error occurs whenever the controlling input value is such that the output frequency ordinarily would be set to a negative value. Consequently, the output frequency has been clamped to
a near-zero value.
```
  square_array_error:
     **** Error ****
     SQUARE: Size of control array different than frequency array

```
This error message normally occurs whenever the controlling input array and the frequency
array are different sizes.


-----

### 29.3.12 Code Model triangle
```
  triangle_allocation_error:
     **** Error ****
     TRIANGLE: Error allocating triangle block storage

```
Generic storage allocation error.
```
  triangle_freq_clamp:
     **** Warning ****
     TRIANGLE: Extrapolated Minimum Frequency Set to 1e-16 Hz

```
This error occurs whenever the controlling input value is such that the output frequency ordinarily would be set to a negative value. Consequently, the output frequency has been clamped to
a near-zero value.
```
  triangle_array_error:
     **** Error ****
     TRIANGLE: Size of control array different than frequency array

```
This error message normally occurs whenever the controlling input array and the frequency
array are different sizes.


-----

