<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# agents

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shirin Khosravi Jam on
Substack](https://substack.com/@shirinkjam/note/c-133160958?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios&utm_source=notes-share-action)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/1abc67af-38cf-4cdc-bd70-3d897e8cac30_1200x1599.jpeg)](https://substack.com/@shirinkjam/note/c-133160958?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios&utm_source=notes-share-action)

</div>

I taught myself how to build RAG + AI Agents in production. Been running
them live for over a year now. Here are 4 steps + the only resources you
really need to do the same. … Ugly truth: most “AI Engineers” shouting
on social media haven’t built a single real production AI Agent or RAG
system. If you want to be different - actually build and ship these
systems: here’s a laser-focused roadmap from my own journey. .. 🚀 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝗿𝘁
𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗳𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗮𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗹𝘀 Because no matter how fast LLM/GenAI evolves, your ML
& software foundations keep you relevant. ✅ Hands-On ML with TensorFlow
& Keras: https://lnkd.in/dWrf5pbS ✅ ISLR: https://lnkd.in/djGPVVwJ ✅
Machine Learning for Beginners by Microsoft (free curriculum):
https://lnkd.in/d8kZA3es … 1️⃣ 𝗠𝗮𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗟𝗟𝗠𝘀 & 𝗚𝗲𝗻𝗔𝗜 𝗦𝘆𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗺𝘀 → Learn to
build & deploy LLMs, understand system design tradeoffs, and handle real
constraints. 📚 Must-reads: ✅ Designing ML Systems – Chip Huyen:
https://lnkd.in/guN-UhXA ✅ The LLM Engineering Handbook – Iusztin &
Labonne: https://lnkd.in/gyA4vFXz ✅ Build a LLM (From Scratch) –
Raschka: https://lnkd.in/gXNa-SPb ✅ Hands-On LLMs GitHub:
https://lnkd.in/eV4qrgNW … 2️⃣ 𝗚𝗼 𝗯𝗲𝘆𝗼𝗻𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗵𝘆𝗽𝗲 𝗼𝗻 𝗔𝗜 𝗔𝗴𝗲𝗻𝘁𝘀 → Most
demos = “if user says hello, return hello.” Actual agents? Handle
memory, tools, workflows, costs. ✅ AI Agents for Beginners (GitHub):
https://lnkd.in/eik2btmq ✅ GenAI Agents – build step by step:
https://lnkd.in/dnhwk75V ✅ OpenAI’s guide to agents:
https://lnkd.in/guRfXsFK ✅ Anthropic’s Building Effective Agents:
https://lnkd.in/gRWKANS4 … 3️⃣ 𝗥𝗔𝗚 𝗶𝘀 𝗻𝗼𝘁 𝗷𝘂𝘀𝘁 𝗮 𝘃𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗼𝗿 𝗗𝗕 Real
Retrieval-Augmented Generation requires: → Chunking, hybrid BM25 +
vectors, reranking → Query routing & fallback → Evaluating retrieval
quality, not just LLM output ✅ RAG Techniques repo:
https://lnkd.in/dD4S8Cq2 ✅ Advanced RAG: https://lnkd.in/g2ZHwZ3w ✅
Cost-efficient retrieval with Postgres/OpenSearch/Qdrant ✅ Monitoring
with Langfuse / Comet … 4️⃣ 𝗚𝗲𝘁 𝘀𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗼𝗻 𝗦𝗼𝗳𝘁𝘄𝗮𝗿𝗲 & 𝗜𝗻𝗳𝗿𝗮 → FastAPI,
async Python, Pydantic → Docker, CI/CD, blue-green deploys → ETL
orchestration (Airflow, Step Functions) → Logs + metrics (CloudWatch,
Prometheus) ✅ Move to production: https://lnkd.in/dnnkrJbE ✅ Made with
ML (full ML+infra): https://lnkd.in/e-XQwXqS ✅ AWS GenAI path:
https://lnkd.in/dmhR3uPc … 5️⃣ 𝗪𝗵𝗲𝗿𝗲 𝗱𝗼 𝗜 𝗹𝗲𝗮𝗿𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺? → Stanford CS336 /
CS236 / CS229 (Google it) → MIT 6.S191, Karpathy’s Zero to Hero:
https://lnkd.in/dT7vqqQ5 → Google Kaggle GenAI sprint:
https://lnkd.in/ga5X7tVJ → NVIDIA’s end-to-end LLM stack:
https://lnkd.in/gCtDnhni → DeepLearning.AI’s short courses:
https://lnkd.in/gAYmJqS6 … 💥 𝗞𝗲𝗲𝗽 𝗶𝘁 𝗿𝗲𝗮𝗹: Don’t fall for “built in 5
min, dead in 10 min” demos. In prod, it’s about latency, cost,
maintainability, guardrails. ♻️ Let's repost to help more people on this
journey 💚

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Coding agent in 94 lines of
Ruby](https://radanskoric.com/articles/coding-agent-in-ruby)

</div>

“It’s not that hard to build a fully functioning, code-editing agent.”
Thorsten Ball

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chatgpt agent system
card](https://cdn.openai.com/pdf/839e66fc-602c-48bf-81d3-b21eacc3459d/chatgpt_agent_system_card.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ChatGPT agent System Card \|
OpenAI](https://openai.com/index/chatgpt-agent-system-card/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/kftzwdyauwt9/4MBcZnnZGYlsr4Ev1eHT9j/a8556ef6251e5a968dd00ade958f1192/Agent_System_Card_SEO_Image.png?w=1600&h=900&fit=fill)](https://openai.com/index/chatgpt-agent-system-card/)

</div>

ChatGPT agent System Card: OpenAI’s agentic model unites research,
browser automation, and code tools with safeguards under the
Preparedness Framework.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I sent ChatGPT Agent out to shop for
me](https://www.theverge.com/ai-artificial-intelligence/710020/openai-review-test-new-release-chatgpt-agent-operator-deep-research-pro-200-subscription)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/07/chatgptagent.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C10.722908076692%2C100%2C78.554183846616&w=1200)](https://www.theverge.com/ai-artificial-intelligence/710020/openai-review-test-new-release-chatgpt-agent-operator-deep-research-pro-200-subscription)

</div>

We tested OpenAI’s ChatGPT Agent, currently only available via its
\$200-per-month Pro subscription.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 GitHub Repositories for Mastering Agents and
MCPs](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-github-repositories-for-mastering-agents-and-mcps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/awan_10_github_repositories_mastering_agents_mcps_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-github-repositories-for-mastering-agents-and-mcps)

</div>

Learn how to build your own agentic AI application with free tutorials,
guides, courses, projects, example code, research papers, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building Effective AI
Agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/4zrzovbb/website/76b5733c669f0dfb9c7aa7fc512a495867cf12e6-2400x1260.png)](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents)

</div>

Discover how Anthropic approaches the development of reliable AI agents.
Learn about our research on agent capabilities, safety considerations,
and technical framework for building trustworthy AI.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 7 Python Frameworks for AI Agents -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/top-7-python-frameworks-for-ai-agents)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/awan_top_7_python_frameworks_ai_agents_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/top-7-python-frameworks-for-ai-agents)

</div>

Design, test, and deploy multi-agent systems in hours using the powerful
agentic frameworks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building AI Agents? A2A vs. MCP Explained Simply -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-ai-agents-a2a-vs-mcp-explained-simply)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Building-AI-Agents-A2A-vs.-MCP-Explained-Simply.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-ai-agents-a2a-vs-mcp-explained-simply)

</div>

Confused by AI agent frameworks? This article makes sense of A2A and
MCP.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Build An Agent \|
Amp](https://ampcode.com/how-to-build-an-agent)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ampcode.com/og-how-to-build-an-agent.jpg)](https://ampcode.com/how-to-build-an-agent)

</div>

Building a fully functional, code-editing agent in less than 400 lines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Anthropic Releases a Comprehensive Guide to Building Coding Agents with
Claude
Code](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/21/anthropic-releases-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-coding-agents-with-claude-code/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Screenshot-2025-04-21-at-5.30.29%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/21/anthropic-releases-a-comprehensive-guide-to-building-coding-agents-with-claude-code/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Code Implementation to Building a Context-Aware AI Assistant in
Google Colab Using LangChain, LangGraph, Gemini Pro, and Model Context
Protocol (MCP) Principles with Tool Integration
Support](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/04/a-code-implementation-to-building-a-context-aware-ai-assistant-in-google-colab-using-langchain-langgraph-gemini-pro-and-model-context-protocol-mcp-principles-with-tool-integration-support/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Screenshot-2025-04-04-at-10.45.12%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/04/a-code-implementation-to-building-a-context-aware-ai-assistant-in-google-colab-using-langchain-langgraph-gemini-pro-and-model-context-protocol-mcp-principles-with-tool-integration-support/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12-factor-agents: Principles to build LLM-powered software good enough
to put in the hands of production customers](https://lobste.rs/s/seuxei)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lobste.rs/touch-icon-144.png)](https://lobste.rs/s/seuxei)

</div>

0 comments

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Claude Code Best
Practices](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-code-best-practices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/4zrzovbb/website/4b8bc05b916dc4fbaf2543f76f946e5587aaeb43-2400x1260.png)](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-code-best-practices)

</div>

A blog post covering tips and tricks that have proven effective for
using Claude Code across various codebases, languages, and environments.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A practical guide to building
agents](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/a-practical-guide-to-building-agents.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenAI Releases a Practical Guide to Building LLM Agents for Real-World
Applications](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/17/openai-releases-a-practical-guide-to-building-llm-agents-for-real-world-applications/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/a-digital-illustration-of-an-open-book-w_8QSSNEMdQx-4WmKW4sVoOA__ZIxHjjXTFSXziTaC-K5Kg.jpeg)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/17/openai-releases-a-practical-guide-to-building-llm-agents-for-real-world-applications/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Q-learning? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/28/what-is-q-learning/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/28/what-is-q-learning/)

</div>

Q-learning is a model-free reinforcement learning algorithm that enables
agents to learn optimal actions through interaction with their
environment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating an AI Agent-Based System with LangGraph: Adding Persistence
and Streaming (Step by Step
Guide)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/02/01/creating-an-ai-agent-based-system-with-langgraph-adding-persistence-and-streaming-step-by-step-guide/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/Screenshot-2025-02-01-at-10.53.44%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/02/01/creating-an-ai-agent-based-system-with-langgraph-adding-persistence-and-streaming-step-by-step-guide/)

</div>

In our previous tutorial, we built an AI agent capable of answering
queries by surfing the web. However, when building agents for
longer-running tasks, two critical concepts come into play: persistence
and streaming. Persistence allows you to save the state of an agent at
any given point, enabling you to resume from that state in future
interactions. This is crucial for long-running applications. On the
other hand, streaming lets you emit real-time signals about what the
agent is doing at any moment, providing transparency and control over
its actions. In this tutorial, we’ll enhance our agent by adding these
powerful

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 AI Agent Frameworks Compared -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/5-ai-agent-frameworks-compared)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/5-AI-Agent-Frameworks-Compared_1.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/5-ai-agent-frameworks-compared)

</div>

Check out this comparison of 5 AI frameworks to determine which you
should choose.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Agents](https://huyenchip.com/2025/01/07/agents.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://huyenchip.com/assets/pics/agents/2-agent-pattern.png)](https://huyenchip.com/2025/01/07/agents.html)

</div>

Intelligent agents are considered by many to be the ultimate goal of AI.
The classic book by Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig, Artificial
Intelligence: A Modern Approach (Prentice Hall, 1995), defines the field
of AI research as “the study and design of rational agents.”

</div>

</div>
