<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# agile

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Sprinting Slows You Down: A Better Way to Build
Software](https://thenewstack.io/how-sprinting-slows-you-down-a-better-way-to-build-software)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/05/e06fbfcf-athletics-3108410_1280.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/how-sprinting-slows-you-down-a-better-way-to-build-software)

</div>

Sprints promise to accelerate development, but often do the opposite.
Check out this alternative approach to building software.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Study Finds 268% Higher Failure Rates For Agile Software
Projects](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/24/06/06/022253/study-finds-268-higher-failure-rates-for-agile-software-projects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/software_64.png)](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/24/06/06/022253/study-finds-268-higher-failure-rates-for-agile-software-projects)

</div>

Richard Speed reports via The Register: A study has found that software
projects adopting Agile practices are 268 percent more likely to fail
than those that do not. Even though the research commissioned by
consultancy Engprax could be seen as a thinly veiled plug for Impact
Engineering methodology...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Planning poker -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/CrispPlanningPokerDeck.jpg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

Planning poker, also called Scrum poker, is a consensus-based, gamified
technique for estimating, mostly used for timeboxing in Agile
principles. In planning poker, members of the group make estimates by
playing numbered cards face-down to the table, instead of speaking them
aloud. The cards are revealed, and the estimates are then discussed. By
hiding the figures in this way, the group can avoid the cognitive bias
of anchoring, where the first number spoken aloud sets a precedent for
subsequent estimates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lean UX & Agile
Glossary](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/agile-glossary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Glossary-Agile_73.jpg)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/agile-glossary)

</div>

Unsure of what a word means and how it applies to UX in-practice? Use
this glossary to quickly clarify key terms and Agile concepts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Essential Tools for a Successful DevOps
Engineer](https://dev.to/aws-builders/essential-tools-for-a-successful-devops-engineer-4lgl)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fppl7gxtj9ivo53fbjb0i.jpg)](https://dev.to/aws-builders/essential-tools-for-a-successful-devops-engineer-4lgl)

</div>

Introduction: The software development process has been transformed by
the DevOps...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What are the 12 Agile
Principles?](https://dev.to/hr21don/what-are-the-12-agile-principles-i5c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fgrozg5dsjct07s7wbfbr.jpg)](https://dev.to/hr21don/what-are-the-12-agile-principles-i5c)

</div>

Agile is made up of 12 guiding principles that serve as the foundation
for project teams. These...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scaled agile framework -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scaled_agile_framework)

</div>

The scaled agile framework (SAFe) is a set of organization and workflow
patterns intended to guide enterprises in scaling lean and agile
practices.\[1\]\[2\] Along with disciplined agile delivery (DAD) and S@S
(Scrum@Scale), SAFe is one of a growing number of frameworks that seek
to address the problems encountered when scaling beyond a single
team.\[3\]\[4\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SAFe? Agile? SAFe is not agile. What you need to
know.](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/safe-is-not-agile)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jeffgothelf.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Scaled-Agile-Framework-_Full_web.jpg)](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/safe-is-not-agile)

</div>

Principles built into Lean UX don’t exist in SAFe. Continuous learning
and improvement, customer centricity, humility, cross-functional
collaboration and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Agile Scaling: SAFe Best Practices for Scrum
Masters](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/scaled-agile-framework/safe-best-practices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8959669/og_image/optimized/OPEN_GRAPH-bab2694a57b8c1b47fa8eef5b411aadf.png)](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/scaled-agile-framework/safe-best-practices)

</div>

Run effective SAFe ceremonies with these tips for release train
engineers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Agile Scaling Frameworks Compared \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/agile/agile-scaling-frameworks-compared)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8960630/og_image/optimized/OPEN_GRAPH-64e430c28dd13070b6bffb53c9ca3526__1_-3b5bb18dbedac40a5bac59f884538e6e.png)](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/agile/agile-scaling-frameworks-compared)

</div>

Make the best choice for your Agile team with this scaling framework
overview.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why your daily stand-ups don't work and how to fix
them](https://lucasfcosta.com/2022/08/07/how-to-improve-daily-standups.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[2016 scrum guide
us](http://www.scrumguides.org/docs/scrumguide/v2016/2016-Scrum-Guide-US.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual guide to Agile methodologies for modern product
management](https://miro.com/blog/choose-between-agile-lean-scrum-kanban)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Blog-headers-set-3-9.png)](https://miro.com/blog/choose-between-agile-lean-scrum-kanban)

</div>

Agile methodologies theory, practice, examples, and free templates for
product development and product management teams.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Jobs to be Done Data
Model](https://jtbd.info/the-jobs-to-be-done-data-model-b270f6fc445)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1147/1*c4hIiXoS7EmWJ9mFUVt8UQ.png)](https://jtbd.info/the-jobs-to-be-done-data-model-b270f6fc445)

</div>

A way to communicate, quantify, validate, and design for a Job to be
Done

</div>

</div>
