<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# agriculture

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scientists identify culprit behind biggest-ever U.S. honey bee
die-off](https://www.science.org/content/article/scientists-identify-culprit-behind-biggest-ever-u-s-honeybee-die)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.science.org/do/10.1126/science.zh18vyx/abs/_20250627_on_honeybees.jpg)](https://www.science.org/content/article/scientists-identify-culprit-behind-biggest-ever-u-s-honeybee-die)

</div>

USDA research points to viruses spread by pesticide-resistant mites,
indicating a worrying trend

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Olive
trees](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/olive-oil-disease-italy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/Nrlv8_55rKKZarYAlqAESaHF79s7wVa_0waodUad5HM/rs:fill:780:520:1/g:ce/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy80NjNiZmRiODgz/MTViNGQyYWFfb2xp/dmUgb2lsIGFwb2Nh/bHlwc2UuanBn.jpg)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/olive-oil-disease-italy)

</div>

A fast-spreading bacteria could cause an olive-oil apocalypse.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ranked: America’s Top Crops by Acres Harvested in
2023](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/ranked-americas-top-crops-by-acres-harvested-in-2023)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/VORO_Most-Harvested-Crops_Shareable_08132024.png)](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/ranked-americas-top-crops-by-acres-harvested-in-2023)

</div>

The area devoted to growing the three top crops is bigger than the size
of Texas. But even on that podium there’s only one king.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making Old Orchards New
Again](https://modernfarmer.com/2024/04/making-old-orchards-new-again)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://modernfarmer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/apples-MORP.jpeg)](https://modernfarmer.com/2024/04/making-old-orchards-new-again)

</div>

Wherever you find an old homestead—a house and barn with a little bit of
land that has stood from sometime in the 1800s or early 1900s—you’ll
find an

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The One Climate Policy All 2024 Candidates Support Is Actually
Terrible](https://newrepublic.com/article/178242/ethanol-inefficient-climate-policy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.newrepublic.com/aa5fb00fac5fec3b167c25b9d0a09d478bd0ec22.jpeg?w=1200&h=630&crop=faces&fit=crop&fm=jpg)](https://newrepublic.com/article/178242/ethanol-inefficient-climate-policy)

</div>

Ethanol is a comically inefficient form of solar energy—and a toxic one.
Putting regular solar panels on some of that land would be better.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ancient Order of
Bali](https://www.damninteresting.com/the-ancient-order-of-bali)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://damn-8791.kxcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/003.jpg)](https://www.damninteresting.com/the-ancient-order-of-bali)

</div>

In 1970s Bali, a sudden rice crisis prompted an unexpectedly
far-reaching scientific discovery

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A tiny Wisconsin town tried to stop pollution from factory farms. Then
it got
sued.](https://grist.org/accountability/what-happens-when-citizens-try-regulate-factory-farms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://grist.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/cafos-laketown-wi.jpg)](https://grist.org/accountability/what-happens-when-citizens-try-regulate-factory-farms)

</div>

A tiny town in Wisconsin faces a lawsuit from an industry heavyweight, a
growing trend when citizens try to regulate CAFOs in their backyards.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Vineyard Falcon Does Not Suffer
Fools](https://punchdrink.com/articles/vineyard-falconry-wine)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://punchdrink.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Social-Alina-Blankenship-Vineyard-Falconry-Oregon.jpg)](https://punchdrink.com/articles/vineyard-falconry-wine)

</div>

Master falconer Alina Blankenship and her mélange of raptors have become
the protectors of some of Oregon's top vineyards.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I sell onions on the Internet - Deep South
Ventures](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/i-sell-onions-on-the-internet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/wp-content/uploads/vidalia-onions-in-field.jpg)](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/i-sell-onions-on-the-internet)

</div>

Vidalia Onions to be exact. They’re classified as a sweet onion, and
because of their mild flavor (they don’t make your eyes tear up), some
folks can eat them like an apple. Most of my customers do. During a
phone order one season – 2018 I believe – a customer shared this story
where he ... Read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tobacco Country’s Dirtiest Open
Secret](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/tobacco-country-s-dirtiest-open-secret)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fmelmagazine.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2020%2F12%2Fcrop-insurance-farmers-scams-1024x427.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/tobacco-country-s-dirtiest-open-secret)

</div>

Capitalism, corruption and exploitation created the broken system of
‘insurance farming’—and the biggest loser is the American taxpayer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Betting the ranch (Betting The Ranch) — High Country News – Know the
West](https://www.hcn.org/issues/53.12/ranching-betting-the-ranch)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/www.hcn.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/cattlegate-2.jpg?fit=2200%2C1384&ssl=1)](https://www.hcn.org/issues/53.12/ranching-betting-the-ranch)

</div>

Cody Easterday wagered hundreds of millions of dollars on the price of
beef. He lost.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hatch green chiles are feeling the
heat](https://www.hcn.org/issues/53.11/south-agriculture-hatch-green-chiles-are-feeling-the-heat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/www.hcn.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hatch-chiles-splash.jpg?fit=2200%2C1467&ssl=1)](https://www.hcn.org/issues/53.11/south-agriculture-hatch-green-chiles-are-feeling-the-heat)

</div>

Growers of New Mexico’s iconic crop wrestle with drought, water rights
and labor shortages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rural America is Gearing Up For a Generation of Change - Austin
Vernon's Blog](https://austinvernon.eth.link/blog/ruralfuture.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Untouchables](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-untouchables)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://foreignpolicy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/gettyimages-487426685edit.jpg?w=1000)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-untouchables)

</div>

Why it’s getting harder to stop multinational corporations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Crop Software Behind Your Daily Cup of
Coffee](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2020-02-20/crop-app-cropster-wants-to-save-coffee-and-the-global-food-supply)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iiUZzR8keI9U/v1/1200x800.jpg)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2020-02-20/crop-app-cropster-wants-to-save-coffee-and-the-global-food-supply)

</div>

Cropster started as a tool to lift coffee producers out of poverty. Now
it has a bigger mission: to save the entire global food supply.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Perspective \| Blight wiped out the American chestnut. Parallel efforts
are close to bringing it
back.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/home/two-plans-to-bring-back-the-american-chestnut--one-by-hybridization-one-by-genetic-engineering/2019/12/17/8fc28ff4-16c7-11ea-a659-7d69641c6ff7_story.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/VUZ65KA5CUI6VNGB7UGZDNQNTY.jpg&w=1440)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/home/two-plans-to-bring-back-the-american-chestnut--one-by-hybridization-one-by-genetic-engineering/2019/12/17/8fc28ff4-16c7-11ea-a659-7d69641c6ff7_story.html)

</div>

One method, the slow, methodical work of traditional hybridization, is
long familiar. The other, genetic engineering, is more controversial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Betting the Farm on the
Drought](http://longreads.com/2019/08/22/betting-the-farm-on-the-drought)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longreads.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/ap_11080718271-scaled.jpg)](http://longreads.com/2019/08/22/betting-the-farm-on-the-drought)

</div>

Farmers like sixth-generation Illinois farmer Ethan Cox can't wait for
policymakers to protect them from climate change. To survive, they have
to adapt their operations now, if they can.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Legalization Changed Humboldt County
Marijuana](https://www.newyorker.com/news/dispatch/how-legalization-changed-humboldt-county-weed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/5cdf0e2053abc440d5bba1a0/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/Witt-HumboldtCounty-Social.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/news/dispatch/how-legalization-changed-humboldt-county-weed)

</div>

In an isolated Northern California community, the last remnants of the
counterculture are confronting the future of cannabis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://precisionagricultu.re/how-machine-learning-is-gradually-changing-mod](http://precisionagricultu.re/how-machine-learning-is-gradually-changing-modern-agricultural-practices)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Super Bowl of Beekeeping](http://longform.org/posts/12092)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.org/uploads/post/key_image/12092/landscape_19mag-bees-slide-5XCH-jumbo.jpg)](http://longform.org/posts/12092)

</div>

Almond growing in California is a \$7.6 billion industry that wouldn’t
be possible without the 30 billion bees (and hundreds of human
beekeepers) who keep the trees pollinated — and whose very existence is
in peril.

</div>

</div>
