<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# analytics

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Privacy-Safe Attribution Avoids User
Tracking](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/privacy-safe-attribution-avoids-user-tracking)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Privacy-Safe-Attribution-Avoids-User-Tracking-b.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/privacy-safe-attribution-avoids-user-tracking)

</div>

A new attribution approach uses large sets of anonymized data to infer
which channels and campaigns led to conversions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[WTF is open-source marketing mix
modeling?](https://digiday.com/marketing/wtf-is-open-source-marketing-mix-modeling/?utm_campaign=digidaydis&utm_medium=rss&utm_source=general-rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2025/01/publisher-llms-digiday.jpg)](https://digiday.com/marketing/wtf-is-open-source-marketing-mix-modeling/?utm_campaign=digidaydis&utm_medium=rss&utm_source=general-rss)

</div>

Marketers should be wary of open-source programs promoted by purveyors
with a walled garden history.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Umami is a simple, fast, privacy-focused alternative to Google
Analytics.](https://github.com/umami-software/umami)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/280363952/82f40500-003c-11eb-98a8-8652191d17fc)](https://github.com/umami-software/umami)

</div>

Umami is a simple, fast, privacy-focused alternative to Google
Analytics. - umami-software/umami

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Time Series Decomposition: Extracting Seasonal, Trend, and Residual
Components](https://www.statology.org/time-series-decomposition-extracting-seasonal-trend-residual-components/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/sta-time-series-fundamentals-davies-1024x574.png)](https://www.statology.org/time-series-decomposition-extracting-seasonal-trend-residual-components/)

</div>

Still, the exact application, challenges and shortcuts related to this
technique are relatively unknown, and that’s what this article seeks to
change.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SWOT Analysis](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/swot-analysis/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/SWOT_Opengraph.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/swot-analysis/)

</div>

A SWOT analysis helps teams understand how well a product, service, or
organization is positioned in the market to serve its customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stop Using Zip Codes for Geospatial
Analysis](https://carto.com/blog/zip-codes-spatial-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/63483ad423421bd16e7a7ae7/639c39c9c67f664c8539d8da_zip-first-digit.png)](https://carto.com/blog/zip-codes-spatial-analysis)

</div>

Uncover deeper insights beyond ZIP codes with geospatial analysis.
Explore the limitations of ZIP codes and discover alternatives for
spatial understanding.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Testing Visual Design: A Comprehensive
Guide](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/testing-visual-design/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Testing-Visual-Design_Opengraph.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/testing-visual-design/)

</div>

Use methods like 5-second testing, first-click testing, and preference
testing to gain insights into how users perceive your visual design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DataExpert-io/data-engineer-handbook: This is a repo with links to
everything you'd ever want to learn about data
engineering](https://github.com/DataExpert-io/data-engineer-handbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bd5e7ec3f8d0359f2e3d0075837e990c7996de6390ffbc15648b6b4f2d866a27/DataExpert-io/data-engineer-handbook)](https://github.com/DataExpert-io/data-engineer-handbook)

</div>

This is a repo with links to everything you'd ever want to learn about
data engineering - DataExpert-io/data-engineer-handbook

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Pageviews: Measure Content Performance And User Engagement In
GA4](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/ga4-measure-content-performance-user-engagement/524688/?blaid=6709599)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/ga4-metrics-2-161.png)](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/ga4-measure-content-performance-user-engagement/524688/?blaid=6709599)

</div>

GA4 provides valuable insights into user interactions on your website.
Learn how to analyze key metrics like sessions, session duration, and
events to refine your digital strategy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Goodhart's Law Isn't as Useful as You Might
Think](https://commoncog.com/goodharts-law-not-useful/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2023/01/goodhart_law_not_useful.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/goodharts-law-not-useful/)

</div>

Goodhart's Law is useless. It tells you about a phenomenon, but it
doesn't tell you how to solve it. We look at how organisations actually
prevent Goodhart's Law, and illustrate this with Amazon's Weekly
Business Review as an example.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM): How to Avoid Biased Channel
Estimates](https://towardsdatascience.com/marketing-mix-modeling-mmm-how-to-avoid-biased-channel-estimates-f9201fc3e91d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*HojAeCqsrX-W2e61iKlt_Q.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/marketing-mix-modeling-mmm-how-to-avoid-biased-channel-estimates-f9201fc3e91d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn which variables you should and should not take into account in
your model.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Supply Chain Analysis with R Using the planr Package \|
R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/10/supply-chain-analysis-with-r-using-the-planr-package/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.business-science.io/assets/087_supply_chain_analytics_planr.jpg)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/10/supply-chain-analysis-with-r-using-the-planr-package/)

</div>

Hey guys, welcome back to my R-tips newsletter. Supply chain management
is essential in making sure that your company’s business runs smoothly.
One of the key elements is managing inventory efficiently. Today, I’m
going to show you how to estimate inve...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Experiment Pairing —
Precoil](https://www.precoil.com/articles/intro-to-experiment-pairing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5f355eb6256fe11983f09b69/t/60122622c19c2c1fa76a18cb/1611802150494/1_thsV2_vwKB_Kvox-stjuNQ.png?format=1500w)](https://www.precoil.com/articles/intro-to-experiment-pairing)

</div>

How to build upon a previous experiment, without throwing it all away.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Statistical Methods for A/B Testing in Data Science and Data
Analysis](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/07/31/6-statistical-methods-for-a-b-testing-in-data-science-and-data-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Screenshot-2024-07-30-at-11.46.29-PM-1024x943.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/07/31/6-statistical-methods-for-a-b-testing-in-data-science-and-data-analysis)

</div>

A/B testing is a cornerstone of data science, essential for making
informed business decisions and optimizing customer revenue. Here, we
delve into six widely used statistical methods in A/B testing,
explaining their purposes and appropriate contexts. 1. Z-Test (Standard
Score Test): When to Use: This method is ideal for large sample sizes
(typically over 30) when the population variance is known. Purpose:
Compares the means of two groups to determine if they are statistically
different. Applications: This technique is frequently employed in
conversion rate optimization and click-through rate analysis. It helps
identify whether changes in website elements or marketing strategies

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sample Size
Calculator](https://www.evanmiller.org/ab-testing/sample-size.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.evanmiller.org/images/previews/ab-testing/sample-size.png)](https://www.evanmiller.org/ab-testing/sample-size.html)

</div>

Visual, interactive sample size calculator ideal for planning online
experiments and A/B tests.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use Causal Inference when A/B testing is not
available](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-causal-inference-when-a-b-testing-is-not-possible-c87c1252724a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*DRYPGuUHflPZ0a1R)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-causal-inference-when-a-b-testing-is-not-possible-c87c1252724a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Evaluating ad targeting product using causal inference: propensity score
matching!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[B3ed2e05](https://www.thediff.co/r/b3ed2e05?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Caveats and Limitations of A/B Testing at Growth Tech
Companies](https://www.thediff.co/r/ed3203f0?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](https://www.thediff.co/r/ed3203f0?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

For non-tech industry folks, an “A/B test” is just a randomized
controlled trial where you split users or other things into treatment
and control groups, and then later compare key metr…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 annoying A/B testing mistakes every engineer should
know](https://posthog.com/blog/ab-testing-mistakes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://posthog.com/og-images/product-engineersab-testing-mistakes.jpeg)](https://posthog.com/blog/ab-testing-mistakes)

</div>

Running experiments is equal parts powerful and terrifying. Powerful
because you can validate changes that will transform your product for
the better…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When You Should Prefer “Thompson Sampling” Over A/B
Tests](https://towardsdatascience.com/when-you-should-prefer-thompson-sampling-over-a-b-tests-5e789b480458)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uzq-3TUZ6lPCgGRCOQz2yA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/when-you-should-prefer-thompson-sampling-over-a-b-tests-5e789b480458)

</div>

An in-depth explanation of “Thompson Sampling”, a more efficient
alternative to A/B testing for online learning

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[25 A/B Testing Concepts — Interview Cheat
Sheet](https://towardsdatascience.com/25-a-b-testing-concepts-interview-cheat-sheet-c998a501f911?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uB5i1y5Z_qdVqNWNTjKH9Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/25-a-b-testing-concepts-interview-cheat-sheet-c998a501f911?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Questions on A/B testing are being increasingly asked in interviews but
reliable resources to prepare for these are still far and few…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bayesian AB
Testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/bayesian-ab-testing-ed45cc8c964d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*T2vG59G9RY90EYEkp8wpLA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/bayesian-ab-testing-ed45cc8c964d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using and choosing priors in randomized experiments.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Select the Right Statistical Tests for Different A/B
Metrics](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-select-the-right-statistical-tests-for-different-a-b-metrics-c8a1865851e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*M957qGgDOre0EUTuZVrmXw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-select-the-right-statistical-tests-for-different-a-b-metrics-c8a1865851e)

</div>

A Discussion of the go-to methods for 5 Types of A/B Metrics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Joy of A/B Testing: Theory, Practice, and
Pitfalls](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-joy-of-a-b-testing-theory-practice-and-pitfalls-de58acbdb04a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*lU9axPo5-GPlnauI)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-joy-of-a-b-testing-theory-practice-and-pitfalls-de58acbdb04a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How today’s tech companies make data-driven decisions in Machine
Learning production

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fully Mastering Fisher’s Exact Test for A/B
Testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/fishers-exact-fb49432e55b5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*frkAvty7Fh9QZYbK)](https://towardsdatascience.com/fishers-exact-fb49432e55b5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

While Fisher’s exact test is a convenient tool for A/B testing, the idea
and results of the test are often hard to grasp and difficult to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[23 Tips on How to A/B Test Like a Badass - Search Engine
Watch](https://searchenginewatch.com/sew/how-to/2223888/23-tips-on-how-to-a-b-test-like-a-badass)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginewatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/a-vs-b-test-370x229.png)](https://searchenginewatch.com/sew/how-to/2223888/23-tips-on-how-to-a-b-test-like-a-badass)

</div>

A/B testing is hitting the mainstream because it is so effective. And
with so many tools available it has become very easy and very
inexpensive to run. Here are 23 helpful tips on how you can take your
A/B tests from basic to the next level.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The golden rule of A/B testing: look beyond
validation](https://blog.intercom.com/why-ab-tests-should-yield-more-than-results)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.intercomassets.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/AB_Tests_That_Really_Validate.jpg.optimal.jpg)](https://blog.intercom.com/why-ab-tests-should-yield-more-than-results)

</div>

A/B tests provide more than statistical validation of one execution over
another. They can and should impact how your team prioritizes projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A dirty dozen: twelve common metric interpretation pitfalls in online
controlled experiments \| the morning
paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/2017/09/25/a-dirty-dozen-twelve-common-metric-interpretation-pitfalls-in-online-controlled-experiments)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Start here: Statistics for A/B
testing](https://productcoalition.com/start-here-statistics-for-a-b-testing-5f5c7e02ce1e#.jk219vqlm)

</div>

We’re Agile, we think lean, we’re data-driven. If you live in the new
economy and work in some sort of digital product you hear some of…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Tricks When AB Testing Is Off The
Table](https://medium.com/teconomics-blog/5-tricks-when-ab-testing-is-off-the-table-f2637e9f15a5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_ASVxMQ2WFospoTZ22MDnw.jpeg)](https://medium.com/teconomics-blog/5-tricks-when-ab-testing-is-off-the-table-f2637e9f15a5)

</div>

An applied introduction to causal inference in tech

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Etsy's A/B Testing Culture Spurs Mobile Innovation \|
Apptimize](https://apptimize.com/blog/2014/01/etsy-continuous-innovation-)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://apptimize.com/wp-content/themes/apptimize/images/site-logo@2x.png)](https://apptimize.com/blog/2014/01/etsy-continuous-innovation-)

</div>

We spoke with Etsy’s iOS Software Engineer, Lacy Rhoades, about their
culture of continuous experimentation. Learn about their a/b testing
culture

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implications of use of multiple controls in an A/B
test](https://blog.twitter.com/2016/implications-of-use-of-multiple-controls-in-an-ab-test)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.cms-twdigitalassets.com/content/dam/blog-twitter/engineering/en_us/main-template-assets/Eng_EXPLORE_Pink.png.twimg.768.png)](https://blog.twitter.com/2016/implications-of-use-of-multiple-controls-in-an-ab-test)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The ultimate guide to A/B testing. Part 1: experiment
design](https://medium.com/swlh/the-ultimate-guide-to-a-b-testing-part-1-experiment-design-8315a2470c63)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:460/0*vWuFkc3DNnCh3qF0)](https://medium.com/swlh/the-ultimate-guide-to-a-b-testing-part-1-experiment-design-8315a2470c63)

</div>

A/B testing is a very popular technique of checking granular changes in
a product without mistakenly taking into account changes that were…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Multivariate vs. A/B Testing: Incremental vs. Radical
Changes](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/multivariate-testing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/multivariate-vs-ab-testing-incremental-radical.jpg)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/multivariate-testing)

</div>

Multivariate tests indicate how various UI elements interact with each
other and are a tool for making incremental improvements to a design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ANALYZE YOUR A/B TEST
RESULTS](https://www.conversioner.com/ab-test-calculator)

</div>

The best way to determine what works best for your site is to carry out
an A/B test for your landing pages. Check out this A/B significant test
calculator.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reforge](https://www.reforge.com/blog/good-experiment-bad-experiment)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statistical Significance Calculator - FREE AB Test
Calculator](https://www.websiteplanet.com/webtools/abtest-calculator)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dt2sdf0db8zob.cloudfront.net/wp-content/themes/websiteplanet/img/websiteplanet_image.png)](https://www.websiteplanet.com/webtools/abtest-calculator)

</div>

Our A/B test calculator will help you to compare two or three variants
to determine which test will be statistically significant.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You Only Need to Test with 5
Users](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/why-you-only-need-to-test-with-5-users)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/WhyYouOnlyNeedToTest5Users_Social-Media-Posts_2021-15.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/why-you-only-need-to-test-with-5-users)

</div>

Elaborate usability tests are a waste of resources. The best results
come from testing no more than 5 users and running as many small tests
as you can afford.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 A/B Testing Tools to Optimize
Conversions](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/11-ab-testing-tools-to-optimize-conversions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/thumb2.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/11-ab-testing-tools-to-optimize-conversions)

</div>

A/B testing, the process of exposing randomized visitors to one or more
variables, is among the most effective strategies to optimize user
experiences and conversion rates. Here is a list of A/B testing tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evan's Awesome A/B Tools - sample size calculator, A/B test results,
and mo](http://www.evanmiller.org/ab-testing)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You Should Switch to Bayesian A/B
Testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-switch-to-bayesian-a-b-testing-364557e0af1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:900/1*N9sXeyes6ImYAjfPqujj4w.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-switch-to-bayesian-a-b-testing-364557e0af1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Statistics & Business can share the same Language

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A/B/C Tests: How to Analyze Results From Multi-Group
Experiments](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-c-tests-how-to-analyze-results-from-multi-group-experiments-ad5d5cee0b05?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*rw5i_RT5Rc5OasoWXeo1KA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-c-tests-how-to-analyze-results-from-multi-group-experiments-ad5d5cee0b05?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Experimentation is widely used at tech startups to make decisions on
whether to roll out new product features, UI design changes, marketing
campaigns and more, usually with the goal of improving…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Oliver Palmer \| You probably don’t need A/B
testing](https://oliverpalmer.com/blog/you-probably-dont-need-ab-testing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.oliverpalmer.com/img/poppy-illustration.png)](https://oliverpalmer.com/blog/you-probably-dont-need-ab-testing)

</div>

The best way to optimise your website is usually the simplest.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Common Pitfalls of Running A/B
Tests](https://towardsdatascience.com/online-controlled-experiment-8-common-pitfalls-and-solutions-ea4488e5a82e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*MA6o65C18xMtnWoMuFLZbQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/online-controlled-experiment-8-common-pitfalls-and-solutions-ea4488e5a82e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How not to fail your online controlled experimentation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A/B Testing — A complete guide to statistical
testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-testing-a-complete-guide-to-statistical-testing-e3f1db140499?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*cQOmpvcO_hKWHoB1sQNXYg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-testing-a-complete-guide-to-statistical-testing-e3f1db140499?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Optimizing web marketing strategies through statistical testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AB_Testing/AB_Testing.ipynb at main ·
bjpcjp/AB_Testing](https://github.com/bjpcjp/AB_Testing/blob/main/AB_Testing.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/60fd065c3f7227d12b510302a435b66d18687b350e2877f88aa901c7a8ca8830/bjpcjp/AB_Testing)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/AB_Testing/blob/main/AB_Testing.ipynb)

</div>

A/B Testing — A complete guide to statistical testing -
bjpcjp/AB_Testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why you should try the Bayesian approach of A/B
testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-try-the-bayesian-approach-of-a-b-testing-38b8079ea33a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/0*x2rf5swhnpckKUgP.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-try-the-bayesian-approach-of-a-b-testing-38b8079ea33a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The intuitive way of A/B testing. The advantages of the Bayesian
approach and how to do it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I've Built Multiple Growth Teams. Here's Why I Won't Do It Again. \|
CXL](https://conversionxl.com/blog/dont-build-growth-teams)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cxl.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/image-17.png)](https://conversionxl.com/blog/dont-build-growth-teams)

</div>

Big success. Bigger failure. And lots of lessons. Learn why building a
growth team may be a multi-million dollar mistake.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[25 Ecommerce A/B Testing Ideas For Your 5 Top Store
Pages](https://sumo.com/stories/ecommerce-ab-testing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bdow.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/8b7543d2-14d1-4fd3-81f5-ff23b48ef081.jpg)](https://sumo.com/stories/ecommerce-ab-testing)

</div>

The biggest question in ecommerce A/B testing is not “how.”

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparing A/B and Multivariate
Testing](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/comparing-ab-multivariate-testing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Comparing-AB-and-Multivariate-Testing-.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/comparing-ab-multivariate-testing)

</div>

A/B tests are controlled experiments of two attributes, to measure which
one was most popular with users. You can apply A/B testing to just about
anything that you can measure. Multivariate testing allows you to
measure multiple variables simultaneously.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Tricks When A/B Testing Is Off The
Table](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/12/5-tricks-ab-testing.html)

</div>

Data Science, Machine Learning, AI & Analytics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering the Big 12 Data-driven Economic Concepts -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/mastering-the-big-12-data-driven-economic-concepts/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Slide1-4.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/mastering-the-big-12-data-driven-economic-concepts/)

</div>

“If you want to change the game, change the frame.” The game has
certainly changed with the data era, and maybe the most drastic change
driven by data has occurred in economics, the foundation upon which our
modern society is built and sustained. Understanding and mastering the
transition from “traditional” economics to modern data-driven
economics… Read More »Mastering the Big 12 Data-driven Economic Concepts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Game on Paper](https://gameonpaper.com/cfb)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customer Satisfaction Analysis with
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Analyzing-Customer-Satisfaction-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Customer Satisfaction
Analysis with Python. Customer Satisfaction Analysis with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Amazon Weekly Business
Review](https://commoncog.com/the-amazon-weekly-business-review)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2024/07/the_amazon_wbr_weekly_business_review.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/the-amazon-weekly-business-review)

</div>

The authoritative guide on how Amazon does WBRs (from former exec Colin
Bryar): how it works, how to do it, and how Amazon uses it to win.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Run Charts - Improvement \|
theCompleteMedic](https://thecompletemedic.com/improvement/run-charts#runs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecompletemedic.com/images/banner/qi/run_medium.jpg)](https://thecompletemedic.com/improvement/run-charts#runs)

</div>

Create your first run chart and start interpreting your data using just
four rules. Your go-to QI resource.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using window functions for advanced data
analysis](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/using-window-functions-for-advanced-data-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/1619995106780.jpg)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/using-window-functions-for-advanced-data-analysis)

</div>

Window functions are an advanced feature of SQL that provides powerful
tools for detailed data analysis and manipulation without grouping data
into single output rows, which is common in aggregate functions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Alabama, UConn Share Analytical Mindset—And Even Used
Same Firm](https://www.sportico.com/leagues/college-sports/2024/march-madness-2024-alabama-uconn-basketball-analytics-1234774126)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.sportico.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/SP_March_Madness_Nate_Oats.png?w=1024)](https://www.sportico.com/leagues/college-sports/2024/march-madness-2024-alabama-uconn-basketball-analytics-1234774126)

</div>

More than half of the NCAA Tournament's top teams have used HD
Intelligence services, as basketball's data revolution sweeps through
the college game.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons from More Than 1,000 E-Commerce Pricing
Tests](https://hbr.org/2024/03/lessons-from-more-than-1000-e-commerce-pricing-tests)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2024/02/Mar24_19_1255616569.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2024/03/lessons-from-more-than-1000-e-commerce-pricing-tests)

</div>

At most small and medium-sized e-commerce retailers, prices are
typically set and updated in an ad hoc fashion without one clear owner.
The process often starts by using a gross margin target, followed by
some comparison with competitors, and then some adjustments from there.
Many of these retailers would quickly admit that this isn’t an optimal
strategy, and that they are likely leaving money on the table — and
they’re often right. The authors’ experience with price testing has
shown that there is actually a significant amount of money left on the
table when pricing is left un-optimized.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tools to Export Google’s
SERPs](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tools-to-export-googles-serps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Tools-to-Export-Googles-SERPs.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tools-to-export-googles-serps)

</div>

Knowing the URLs in search engine result pages leads to further
analysis, such as referring domains, page authority, word count, and
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What’s an Operational Definition
Anyway?](https://commoncog.com/whats-operational-definition)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2023/10/operational_definitions.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/whats-operational-definition)

</div>

Two principles on collecting data, from the field of Statistical Process
Control. As with most principles in SPC, this is both simpler and more
important than you might think.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Burning money on paid ads for a dev tool – what we've
learned](https://posthog.com/blog/dev-marketing-paid-ads)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://posthog.com/og-images/foundersdev-marketing-paid-ads.jpeg)](https://posthog.com/blog/dev-marketing-paid-ads)

</div>

Since starting PostHog in 2020, we’ve learned a bunch about what does
and doesn’t work when it comes to marketing to engineers . Paid ads is
a…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Your Followers are not Your
Fans](https://open.substack.com/pub/chrisdallariva/p/your-followers-are-not-your-fans?r=oc5d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F1690c122-14d2-4cb7-9c78-9fa7b60e9b91_400x300.gif)](https://open.substack.com/pub/chrisdallariva/p/your-followers-are-not-your-fans?r=oc5d)

</div>

Using data provided by Vivid Seats and Instagram, I learned that social
media clout isn't all it's cracked up to be.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Congrats on your Customer Lifetime Value prediction model — now what
are
yo](https://towardsdatascience.com/congrats-on-your-customer-lifetime-value-prediction-model-now-what-are-you-going-to-do-with-it-977634b58868?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*4iTiAgLkr16pik5ud2gNBQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/congrats-on-your-customer-lifetime-value-prediction-model-now-what-are-you-going-to-do-with-it-977634b58868?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An obsessively detailed guide to Customer Lifetime Value techniques and
real-world applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 free tools for PPC campaign
management](https://searchengineland.com/free-tools-ppc-campaign-management-430520)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2023/08/Top-free-tools-for-use-in-paid-media.png)](https://searchengineland.com/free-tools-ppc-campaign-management-430520)

</div>

These tools can help you analyze PPC competitors, track search trends or
design ad creative – all without spending a dime.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[the-markup/xandr-audience-segments](https://github.com/the-markup/xandr-audience-segments)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/d83ba53c68aa28ba5faf2d3edad7f1bacdecc9d72ab6e76cde224f8d47747eff/the-markup/xandr-audience-segments)](https://github.com/the-markup/xandr-audience-segments)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[List: Marketing Mix Modeling \| Curated by Abhijeet Talaulikar \|
Medium](https://medium.com/@abhijeetstalaulikar/list/marketing-mix-modeling-ebceca2350ff)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/0*86c2982b8463a69eded79148b6f96ad57ad6b4c7.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@abhijeetstalaulikar/list/marketing-mix-modeling-ebceca2350ff)

</div>

8 stories · A guide to building an end-to-end marketing mix optimization
solution for your organization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[From “Heavy Purchasers” of Pregnancy Tests to the Depression-Prone: We
Foun](https://themarkup.org/privacy/2023/06/08/from-heavy-purchasers-of-pregnancy-tests-to-the-depression-prone-we-found-650000-ways-advertisers-label-you)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mrkp-static-production.themarkup.org/uploads/2023/06/markup_onlinemarketing_adrianastorgano-1200x628.jpg)](https://themarkup.org/privacy/2023/06/08/from-heavy-purchasers-of-pregnancy-tests-to-the-depression-prone-we-found-650000-ways-advertisers-label-you)

</div>

A spreadsheet on ad platform Xandr’s website revealed a massive
collection of “audience segments” used to target consumers based on
highly specific, sometimes intimate information and inferences

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Uplift Modeling — A Data Scientist’s Guide to Optimizing a Credit Card
Rene](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-a-data-scientists-guide-to-optimizing-a-credit-card-renewal-campaign-9f02f863067a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*0IhNM1bWxPaxFGz7bGqobw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-a-data-scientists-guide-to-optimizing-a-credit-card-renewal-campaign-9f02f863067a)

</div>

Applying causal machine learning to trim the campaign target audience

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evaluating Uplift
Models](https://towardsdatascience.com/evaluating-uplift-models-8a078996a113)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2KTiXoC3XhMjL-QmLUc33A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/evaluating-uplift-models-8a078996a113)

</div>

How to compare and pick the best uplift model

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Google Analytics 4 alternatives: Free and low-cost
options](https://searchengineland.com/google-analytics-4-alternatives-free-low-cost-428794)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2023/06/analytics-alternatives.png)](https://searchengineland.com/google-analytics-4-alternatives-free-low-cost-428794)

</div>

Looking for the best alternative to Google Analytics 4? Here are 15 web
analytics platforms you may want to consider.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 top enterprise SEO tools compared: A comprehensive
evaluation](https://searchengineland.com/top-enterprise-seo-tools-comparison-427350)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2023/05/Enterprise-SEO-tools-A-comprehensive-comparison-800x450.png)](https://searchengineland.com/top-enterprise-seo-tools-comparison-427350)

</div>

An in-depth look at seven tools used by enterprises for content
optimization, technical SEO, and reporting and analytics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Cohort Analysis in Data
Science](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/05/04/what-is-cohort-analysis-in-data-science)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Introduction-to-Cohort-Analysis-in-Data-Science.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/05/04/what-is-cohort-analysis-in-data-science)

</div>

This article will take you through everything about Cohort Analysis that
you should know. What is Cohort Analysis in Data Science?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail Price Optimization using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Retail-Price-Optimization-using-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I will walk you through the task of Retail Price
Optimization with Machine Learning using Python. Retail Price
Optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How and where each Premier League team pass — and how they’ve
changed](https://theathletic.com/4173195/2023/02/10/premier-league-pass-networks-arsenal-man-city?ad_id=40823712&source=twitterpcads&twclid=2-4yvtl4npbh8yigmxjl9i0ofya)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/athletic/uploads/wp/2023/02/09133310/0209_HowTeamsPass-scaled.jpg?width=1200&height=630&fit=cover)](https://theathletic.com/4173195/2023/02/10/premier-league-pass-networks-arsenal-man-city?ad_id=40823712&source=twitterpcads&twclid=2-4yvtl4npbh8yigmxjl9i0ofya)

</div>

From Villa's weirdly disconnected midfield to Forest playing passes near
their corner flags, here's what we can learn from analysing passing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Uplift Modeling with Cost
Optimization](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-with-cost-optimization-1c67a4e13f2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:763/1*PLO5fCMT8iBLtVbaILScmg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-with-cost-optimization-1c67a4e13f2)

</div>

How to adjust CATE to consider costs associated with your treatments

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forget Milk and Eggs: Supermarkets Are Having a Fire Sale on Data About
You – The
Markup](https://themarkup.org/privacy/2023/02/16/forget-milk-and-eggs-supermarkets-are-having-a-fire-sale-on-data-about-you)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mrkp-static-production.themarkup.org/uploads/2023/02/Supermarket-data-1200x628.jpg)](https://themarkup.org/privacy/2023/02/16/forget-milk-and-eggs-supermarkets-are-having-a-fire-sale-on-data-about-you)

</div>

When you use supermarket discount cards, you are sharing much more than
what is in your cart—and grocery chains like Kroger are reaping huge
profits selling this data to brands and advertisers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Open-Source Log Management Tools that you may consider in
2023](https://dev.to/danielfavour/7-open-source-log-management-tools-that-you-may-consider-in-2023-1d5m)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fwab49y80jp9sfsu5lru0.png)](https://dev.to/danielfavour/7-open-source-log-management-tools-that-you-may-consider-in-2023-1d5m)

</div>

Effective log management is a fundamental aspect of maintaining and
troubleshooting today's complex...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google ranking signals: A complete breakdown of all confirmed, rumored
and false
factors](https://searchengineland.com/google-ranking-signals-complete-breakdown-391784)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2023/01/Google-ranking-factors.png)](https://searchengineland.com/google-ranking-signals-complete-breakdown-391784)

</div>

An easy-to-read, highly condensed analysis of all the known, confirmed,
rumored, and absolute myth-level Google ranking factors.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Media Mix Modeling: How to measure the effectiveness of advertising
with
Py](https://towardsdatascience.com/media-mix-modeling-how-to-measure-the-effectiveness-of-advertising-with-python-lightweightmmm-b6d7de110ae6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*YEzmKt8RXJsdmDDz)](https://towardsdatascience.com/media-mix-modeling-how-to-measure-the-effectiveness-of-advertising-with-python-lightweightmmm-b6d7de110ae6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Media Mix modeling, its implementation, and practical tips

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NCAA
Statistics](http://stats.ncaa.org/rankings?division=11&sport_code=MFB)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.analyticbridge.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/what-are-uplift-models>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bayesian Hierarchical Marketing Mix Modeling in
PyMC](https://buff.ly/3zzJfUy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*UAUwlqs4Seck0i5b)](https://buff.ly/3zzJfUy)

</div>

Learn how to build MMMs for different countries the right way

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Be critical or be
corrupted](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cenizal.com/content/images/size/w1200/2022/09/cropped.png)](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

I recently rewatched "The Wire". The show's central theme is about
counter-productive metrics and their corrupting influence on
institutions. I've noticed hints of this pattern in software
engineering, too

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Be good-argument-driven, not
data-driven](http://twitchard.github.io/posts/2022-08-26-metrics-schmetrics.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://twitchard.github.io/images/appropriate-data.png)](http://twitchard.github.io/posts/2022-08-26-metrics-schmetrics.html)

</div>

Software culture and the abuse of data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 useful Excel formulas and functions for
PPC](https://searchengineland.com/excel-formulas-functions-ppc-387428)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2022/08/Excel-tips-for-search-marketing-professionals-Formulas-and-functions.jpeg)](https://searchengineland.com/excel-formulas-functions-ppc-387428)

</div>

Use these tips to quickly analyze performance data and identify
high-impact PPC optimizations that will move the needle.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pipeline Analysis
Playbook](https://www.tomtunguz.com/pipeline-analysis-playbook)

</div>

In many board rooms, the most important go-to-market number this quarter
is pipeline health. For some companies, the pipeline may be less clear
than a quarter or two ago. Summer seasonality may play a role.
Macroeconomics might also be lurking within the numbers. Pipeline
fluctuations are normal. But any meaningful & unexpected surprise
warrants introspection. Pipeline analysis often has four parts: Craft
the sales sandwich to predict your GTM conversion rates & determine if
close rates have changed in parallel.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Amazon product listing optimization
must-haves](https://searchengineland.com/amazon-product-listing-optimization-must-haves-386902)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2022/08/Untitled-design-4.png)](https://searchengineland.com/amazon-product-listing-optimization-must-haves-386902)

</div>

Amazon will continue to be highly competitive. Want to be successful?
Optimize your product listings to the fullest with these tips.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Test Your Product On A Crappy Laptop \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/test-your-product-on-a-crappy-laptop)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/357637)](https://css-tricks.com/test-your-product-on-a-crappy-laptop)

</div>

There is a huge and ever-widening gap between the devices we use to make
the web and the devices most people use to consume it. It’s also no
secret

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Defining Churn Rate (no really, this actually requires an entire blog
post) -
Shopify](https://shopify.engineering/defining-churn-rate-no-really-this-actually-requires-an-entire-blog-post#)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0779/4361/articles/churn_large_db203696-6c14-4396-8f36-74a2584743db.jpg?v=1494964840)](https://shopify.engineering/defining-churn-rate-no-really-this-actually-requires-an-entire-blog-post#)

</div>

If you go to three different analysts looking for a definition of "churn
rate," they will all agree that it's an important metric and that the
definition is self evident. Then they will go ahead and give you three
different definitions. And as they share their definitions with each
other they all have the same response: why is everyone else making this
so com

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Running Marketing Experiments with
Purpose](http://lukethomas.com/running-marketing-experiments-with-purpose)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.lukethomas.com/content/images/size/w1200/2022/01/CleanShot-2022-01-30-at-06.19.08@2x.png)](http://lukethomas.com/running-marketing-experiments-with-purpose)

</div>

Over the past few years, marketing on the web has become way too much
fun. I remember trying to figure out what “hits” on awstats
\[http://awstats.sourceforge.net/\] meant in high school, and I
distinctly can recall how disappointed I was when I found out the true
meaning. Nowadays,

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting 200% More Actionable Feedback from Customers that Cancel -
ExtendsLogic](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/why-people-cancel)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.extendslogic.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/cancel_comments-475x304.png)](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/why-people-cancel)

</div>

Getting useful cancellation feedback from customers is tough. The
problem is that once people have canceled, they’re no longer engaged and
will rarely spend the time to give you feedback. One of the best things
I’ve ever done to combat this with Bidsketch was to add a mandatory
freeform text field that says: Please help… Continue reading Getting
200% More Actionable Feedback from Customers that Cancel →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simple Analytics documentation](https://docs.simpleanalytics.com)

</div>

Simple Analytics is a privacy-friendly and simple alternative to Google
Analytics. No cookies. No trackers. No consent required from your
visitors. Just straightforward analytics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Data Incubator is Now Pragmatic Data \| Pragmatic
Institute](https://blog.thedataincubator.com/2016/07/multi-armed-bandits-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.pragmaticinstitute.com/resources/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2024/01/tditopragmatic.jpg)](https://blog.thedataincubator.com/2016/07/multi-armed-bandits-2)

</div>

As of 2024, The Data Incubator is now Pragmatic Data! Explore Pragmatic
Institute’s new offerings, learn about team training opportunities, and
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use 12 micro intents for SEO and content journey
mapping](https://searchengineland.com/micro-intents-seo-content-journey-mapping-386544)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2022/07/micro-intents.png)](https://searchengineland.com/micro-intents-seo-content-journey-mapping-386544)

</div>

Analyzing the SERPs for these micro intents will help you create the
right content that a searcher will want to find.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Pinterest drives sustainable
growth](https://medium.com/@Pinterest_Engineering/how-pinterest-drives-sustainable-growth-1a3f150a1f98#.b33f4pnsb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:500/0*iDG_nIUnSL2LfvmM.png)](https://medium.com/@Pinterest_Engineering/how-pinterest-drives-sustainable-growth-1a3f150a1f98#.b33f4pnsb)

</div>

Marc Andreessen famously said that for startups, “the only thing that
matters is getting to product/market fit.” Product/market fit means
providing enough value to enough people that the startup can…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Analyzing churn rates, free trials, and other
metrics](https://jlongster.com/analyizing-profit-metrics)

</div>

I sit down and learn how to get insights from churn rates, conversion
rates, and more to answer some important questions about my product.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Twilio Segment
Blog](https://segment.com/blog/13-marketing-automation-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://segment.com/content/dam/segment/global/en/blog/legacy/shared/SegmentOgImage-50313581c7e6a8554429b3a63c98a809.jpg)](https://segment.com/blog/13-marketing-automation-tools)

</div>

    

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Spotify to measure the popularity of older
music](https://pudding.cool/2017/03/timeless/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pudding.cool/2017/03/timeless/css/preview.png)](https://pudding.cool/2017/03/timeless/index.html)

</div>

I have a theory: No Diggity by Blackstreet is timeless. If Frank Sinatra
is timeless in 2015, so too is No Diggity in 2050, fondly remembered by
our children's children as the icon of the 90s. And I think that I can
prove it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Experiments You Might Not Know, But Can Learn
From](https://conversionxl.com/blog/pricing-experiments-you-might-not-know-but-can-learn-from)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cxl.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Pricing-experiments.png)](https://conversionxl.com/blog/pricing-experiments-you-might-not-know-but-can-learn-from)

</div>

Pricing is hard. Make it too low and you miss out on profit; too high
and you miss out on sales. These pricing experiments will help you get
it right.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Four Kinds of Churn - Predictable
Revenue](http://predictablerevenue.com/blog/four-kinds-of-sales-churn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://predictablerevenue.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/kareem4.png)](http://predictablerevenue.com/blog/four-kinds-of-sales-churn)

</div>

this is a guest post by Kareem Mayan. customer retention was a recent
topic in our predictable \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Easily Manage & Test Millions Of
Ads](http://searchengineland.com/how-to-easily-manage-test-millions-of-ads-137187)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2014/08/google-images2-ss-1920.jpg)](http://searchengineland.com/how-to-easily-manage-test-millions-of-ads-137187)

</div>

You must test ads to make your paid search account grow and thrive. That
fact is no longer debatable – it is just a best practice fact. Ad
testing in

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Easy statistics for A/B testing and
hamsters](https://blog.asmartbear.com/easy-statistics-for-adwords-)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.asmartbear.com/ab-testing-statistics/thumbnail-1200w.png)](https://blog.asmartbear.com/easy-statistics-for-adwords-)

</div>

A/B testing tools often lie about whether something is "statistically
significant." Here's an extremely simple, mathematically sound formula
to compute it for yourself.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hire a Top Performer Every Time with These Interview
Questions](http://firstround.com/review/hire-a-top-performer-every-time-with-these-interview-questions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fdbobkfv6qso7h2aywwj1_150401_0035gravitas.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/hire-a-top-performer-every-time-with-these-interview-questions)

</div>

Koru CEO Kristen Hamilton helps hundreds of people hire and get hired
every year. These are the traits she knows translate into excellent
performance on the job.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://blog.keen.io/how-to-do-a-retention-analysis-26d3fda00117#.gxchj1abj>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 easy internal linking strategies for keywords with different search
volumes](https://searchengineland.com/3-easy-internal-linking-strategies-for-keywords-with-different-search-volumes-311890)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2019/02/image1-3.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/3-easy-internal-linking-strategies-for-keywords-with-different-search-volumes-311890)

</div>

Contributor Aleh Barysevich breaks down three strategies you can use to
boost the effectiveness of your internal link building campaigns to
fulfill specific SEO-related goals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Beginner’s Guide to Cohort Analysis: the Most Actionable (and
Underrated) Report on
Google…](https://medium.com/analytics-for-humans/a-beginners-guide-to-cohort-analysis-the-most-actionable-and-underrated-report-on-google-c0797d826bf4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*meHFAjUG81yN-YRL.)](https://medium.com/analytics-for-humans/a-beginners-guide-to-cohort-analysis-the-most-actionable-and-underrated-report-on-google-c0797d826bf4)

</div>

The antidote to vanity metrics when you have less than 1 hour/week for
marketing analytics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The privacy-first Google Analytics alternative - Simple
Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.simpleanalytics.com/social-media/dark-chart.png)](https://simpleanalytics.io)

</div>

Simple Analytics is the privacy-first Google Analytics alternative that
is 100% GDPR compliant. Give us a try!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Email Marketing Metrics, Part 2: Advanced
Topics](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics.png)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics)

</div>

In "Email Marketing Metrics, Part 1: The Basics," my article last month,
I addressed the primary measurements for email marketing: delivery rate,
open

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[13% of my website visitors block Google
Analytics](https://markosaric.com/google-analytics-blocking)

</div>

There’s widespread use of adblockers on the web but users are
increasingly blocking cookies and other tracking scripts too. Browsers
such as Safari, Firefox and Brave are privacy-focused.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 SEO Tools You Need in
2022](https://dev.to/santosh3700/top-10-seo-tools-you-need-in-2022-e8n)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fow5r8pkgfglkftz6u0h0.png)](https://dev.to/santosh3700/top-10-seo-tools-you-need-in-2022-e8n)

</div>

If you are working in the field of SEO or if you are managing a content
or Ecommerce website then you...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cohort Visualizer » A handy tool for browsing cohort
datasets](http://bslatkin.github.io/cohorts)

</div>

A cohort is a group of people who share a common characteristic or
experience within a defined period. This is a handy tool for browsing
cohort datasets.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home Page of Evan Miller](http://www.evanmiller.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.evanmiller.org/images/previews/index.png)](http://www.evanmiller.org)

</div>

Articles, software, calculators, and opinions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growth Hacking
Checklist](http://mattishness.blogspot.com/2012/09/growth-hacking-checklist.html)

</div>

“My biggest surprise was when we launched the Facebook app and it didn’t
go viral” -Startup CEO quote “The month after we ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[About Google Tag Manager \| Google for
Developers](https://developers.google.com/tag-manager?authuser=0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.gstatic.com/devrel-devsite/prod/vb596299fc3b3ecd7c5d7aec475be1a412930b770a5f8d074630a8e7a09f63df6/developers/images/opengraph/google-blue.png)](https://developers.google.com/tag-manager?authuser=0)

</div>

Deploy and update measurement tags on your websites and mobile apps from
a web interface, without major code changes or app releases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 pitfalls of PPC
experiments](https://searchengineland.com/3-pitfalls-of-ppc-experiments-326332)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2019/12/Testing-methodologies-graph.png)](https://searchengineland.com/3-pitfalls-of-ppc-experiments-326332)

</div>

Knowing what to test and how to interpret the results based on nuances
and oddities of experiments is an important skill for people, not
automations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fathom: An Open Source Google Analytics
Alternative](https://dev.to/jacobherrington/fathom-an-open-source-google-analytics-alternative-1g7g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fusefathom.com%2Ffathom.jpg)](https://dev.to/jacobherrington/fathom-an-open-source-google-analytics-alternative-1g7g)

</div>

Hey everyone! I star all kinds of crazy GitHub repos and last week I
stumbled on an awesome project...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Startup Metrics, a love story. All slides of an 6h Lean Analytics
workshop.](https://www.slideshare.net/andreasklinger/startup-metrics-a-love-story)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.slidesharecdn.com/ss_thumbnails/20130812-icatapult-130812090501-phpapp02-thumbnail.jpg?width=640&height=640&fit=bounds)](https://www.slideshare.net/andreasklinger/startup-metrics-a-love-story)

</div>

Startup Metrics, a love story. All slides of an 6h Lean Analytics
workshop. - Download as a PDF or view online for free

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Awkward Truth Behind Skip
Rates](https://www.hypebot.com/hypebot/2019/03/the-awkward-truth-behind-skip-rates.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hypebot.typepad.com/.a/6a00d83451b36c69e20240a448a18c200c-200wi)](https://www.hypebot.com/hypebot/2019/03/the-awkward-truth-behind-skip-rates.html)

</div>

With the ubiquity of music access and a lack of any need for patience,
the term "skip-rate" has crept into the modern music industry lexicon,
and some new data behind. Continue reading

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Roll Your Own
Analytics](https://www.pcmaffey.com/roll-your-own-analytics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pcmaffey.com/meta.png)](https://www.pcmaffey.com/roll-your-own-analytics)

</div>

How to build a free, privacy-focused alternative to Google Analytics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Developer’s Guide To
SEO](https://www.portent.com/blog/seo/developers-seo-guide.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.portent.com/images/2019/08/Seo-guidance-services-icon-1022831882_3159x3159.jpeg)](https://www.portent.com/blog/seo/developers-seo-guide.htm)

</div>

Developers don’t do SEO. They make sure sites are SEO-ready. That means
developers hold the key to SEO. It’s true. If you’re a developer and
you’re r

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show your musical taste with data: The best analytics tools for
Spotify](https://dataconomy.com/2022/06/spotify-analytics-for-listeners)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/SPOTIFY-ANALYTICS-FOR-LISTENERS-66.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2022/06/spotify-analytics-for-listeners)

</div>

Spotify analytics for listeners is how the popular streaming service
also captures the hearts of its users. Many websites allow

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Content Scoring Can Help Generate
Revenue](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/how-content-scoring-can-help-generate-revenue.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/daniele-franchi-GbAEJUJKJ88-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/how-content-scoring-can-help-generate-revenue.html)

</div>

Content marketing has become an increasingly popular way for brands to
promote themselves. It is subtle and generates more leads than
traditional

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[180 Marketing Founder: 4 Buckets to
SEO](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/180-marketing-founder-4-buckets-to-seo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Jeff-Oxford-360x240-1.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/180-marketing-founder-4-buckets-to-seo)

</div>

Search engine optimization for ecommerce boils down to four buckets.
That's according to Jeff Oxford, founder of 180 Marketing, an
Oregon-based firm.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Email Triggers for Max
Conversions](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/email-triggers-for-max-conversions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/6-Email-Triggers-for-Max-Conversions.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/email-triggers-for-max-conversions)

</div>

Shoppers' actions on an ecommerce site create opportunities for
automated, triggered emails. Such behavior-based email automation is a
sure-fire tactic to drive revenue.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Rank Tracking Tools for Organic
Search](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/5-rank-tracking-tools-for-organic-search)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/5-Rank-Tracking-Tools-for-Organic-Search.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/5-rank-tracking-tools-for-organic-search)

</div>

Monitoring rankings remains the best way to track organic search
performance. In this piece, we list five helpful tools to track your
site's positions and your competitors'.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.airpair.com/analytics/posts/user-analytics-as-your-product-grows>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.datascience.com/blog/what-is-a-churn-analysis-and-why-is-it-valuable-for-business>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It's not me, Google, it's you - from GA to Fathom \| Jeff
Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2019/its-not-me-google-its-you-ga-fathom)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://trafficiscurrency.com/product-qualified-leads/](https://trafficiscurrency.com/product-qualified-leads)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is Conjoint Analysis, and How Can It Be
Used?](https://online.hbs.edu/blog/post/what-is-conjoint-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://online.hbs.edu/Style%20Library/api/resize.aspx?imgpath=/online/PublishingImages/blog/posts/business-team-discussing-conjoint-analysis.jpg&w=1200&h=630)](https://online.hbs.edu/blog/post/what-is-conjoint-analysis)

</div>

Conjoint analysis is a highly effective means of market research,
capable of informing a company’s pricing strategy and product
development.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Common Types of Conjoint Analysis and How To Use
Them](https://www.google.com/url?cad=rja&cd=&esrc=s&q=&rct=j&sa=t&source=web&uact=8&url=https://www.qualtrics.com/experience-management/research/types-of-conjoint/&usg=AOvVaw0rBHkFUpK9frt_GJkaab1B&ved=2ahUKEwi8w-bczaP4AhVqmXIEHWNdATAQFnoECAcQAw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.qualtrics.com/m/assets/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/conjoint-analysis-feature-en.webp)](https://www.google.com/url?cad=rja&cd=&esrc=s&q=&rct=j&sa=t&source=web&uact=8&url=https://www.qualtrics.com/experience-management/research/types-of-conjoint/&usg=AOvVaw0rBHkFUpK9frt_GJkaab1B&ved=2ahUKEwi8w-bczaP4AhVqmXIEHWNdATAQFnoECAcQAw)

</div>

Conjoint analysis is the optimal market research approach for measuring
the value that consumers place on features of a product or service.
Learn more!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Startup Metrics for
Pirates](https://www.slideshare.net/dmc500hats/startup-metrics-for-pirates-long-version)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.slidesharecdn.com/ss_thumbnails/startup-metrics-for-pirates-long-version463-thumbnail.jpg?width=640&height=640&fit=bounds)](https://www.slideshare.net/dmc500hats/startup-metrics-for-pirates-long-version)

</div>

Startup Metrics for Pirates - Download as a PDF or view online for free

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 technical SEO issues auditing tools won’t show
you](https://searchengineland.com/technical-seo-issues-auditing-tools-385471)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2022/05/shutterstock_1153280098-800x450.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/technical-seo-issues-auditing-tools-385471)

</div>

Here are four of the top technical SEO issues that your auditing tools
won't show you and how to find them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[13 marketing automation tools that can help you boost your
sales](https://dataconomy.com/2022/05/13-marketing-automation-tools-that-can-help-you-boost-your-sales)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/BEST-MARKETING-AUTOMATION-TOOLS-3.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2022/05/13-marketing-automation-tools-that-can-help-you-boost-your-sales)

</div>

The way we live our lives has an impact on our work. Long lists of
typical chores may turn your

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Keyword Poaching Pays
Off](https://hbr.org/2022/05/when-keyword-poaching-pays-off)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2022/05/May22_13_1055306876.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2022/05/when-keyword-poaching-pays-off)

</div>

Competitive poaching refers to the practice of bidding on ads for a
competitor’s search terms, in order to poach customers searching for
that brand. It’s a common tactic in the world of digital ads — but is it
effective? The author shares results from the first-ever empirical study
of this practice, which found that poaching can work well for higher-end
brands, but may backfire for lower-end or mass market offerings.
Specifically, the study found that when an ad poached customers who
searched for a high-end brand, users clicked on it more, but when an ad
poached a low-end or mass market target, users were less likely to
click. Of course, the author notes that clickthrough rate is just one
metric, and there may be other ways in which a poaching campaign could
be harmful or beneficial. But these findings can help marketers add a
bit of science to the art that is digital advertising, helping them to
optimize campaigns for their unique products and customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Keyword Clustering Powers
SEO](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-keyword-clustering-powers-seo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/How-Keyword-Clustering-Powers-SEO.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-keyword-clustering-powers-seo)

</div>

Keyword lists for SEO are often cluttered and seemingly endless.
"Clustering" can help by grouping keywords by a common modifier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make a GA4 landing page report in 10 easy
steps](https://searchengineland.com/make-ga4-landing-page-report-385133)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2022/05/google-analytics.png)](https://searchengineland.com/make-ga4-landing-page-report-385133)

</div>

The Landing Page report. Universal Analytics has it. GA4 does not. But
you can make it! This article will show you how.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google brand SERPs: Why you must dominate People Also
Ask](https://searchengineland.com/google-brand-serps-people-also-ask-381282)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2021/11/Google-Analytics-4.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/google-brand-serps-people-also-ask-381282)

</div>

It's time to optimize for People Also Asked questions asked around and
about your brand in Google's SERPs. Here's why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Sales Sandwich by
@ttunguz](https://www.tomtunguz.com/longitudinal-sales-analysis)

</div>

The most consistent sales leader I’ve worked with hit plan 27
consecutive quarters. How can a sales leader develop similar
repeatability? Much goes into it here are the reports he used to manage
his team at the board level. The PQR (pipeline-to-quota) funnel is
first. Pipeline is the total value of the accounts within a stage or
later. Quota is the aggregate quota on the street for the quarter.
Divide P by Q to get PQR.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Vanity Metrics: Add Context to Add
Meaning](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/vanity-metrics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/vanity-metrics.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/vanity-metrics)

</div>

Tracked analytics metrics should reflect change in the user experience.
Vanity metrics appear impressive, but their fluctuations are not
actionable.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Keyword Tool ⚠️ Google Keyword Planner【Search
FREE】](http://keywordtool.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://keywordtool.io/images/og-keyword-tool.png)](http://keywordtool.io)

</div>

Keyword Tool is \#1 (FREE) alternative to Google Ads Keyword Planner for
SEO & PPC keyword research ᐈ Generate 1,000s ✅ long-tail keywords in
seconds!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: Good open source alternatives to Google Analytics? \| Hacker
News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29888599)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering: A curated list of data
engineering tools for software
developers](https://github.com/igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/51e33b3d0943595e3215b52ebdb6c6b47263db833f709eeb71732f1a97d89708/igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering)](https://github.com/igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering)

</div>

A curated list of data engineering tools for software developers -
igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Ways Experiments Break](https://link.medium.com/SOKeDFJoQlb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*FSfbAqO5aeba8WFU_bRRMw.png)](https://link.medium.com/SOKeDFJoQlb)

</div>

Common mistakes to avoid when you’re getting started with
experimentation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[58% of Hacker News, Reddit and tech-savvy audiences block Google
Analytics](https://plausible.io/blog/google-analytics-adblockers-missing-data)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://plausible.io/uploads/blocking-google-analytics.png)](https://plausible.io/blog/google-analytics-adblockers-missing-data)

</div>

Is Google Analytics still useful and how accurate are its stats? How
much data is missing from Google Analytics due to adblockers and
privacy-friendly browsers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ultimate Guide to Google Ads Campaign
Management](https://neilpatel.com/blog/google-adwords-campaign-management)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://neilpatel.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/google-ads.png)](https://neilpatel.com/blog/google-adwords-campaign-management)

</div>

Managing a Google ads campaign requires understanding how to check,
optimize, test, and change your ads. Read this post to learn more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Marketing Automation: What is it, Examples & Tools
\[2021\]](https://neilpatel.com/blog/marketing-automation-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://neilpatel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Ubersuggest_Feb-Headers_Image-13-700x420.jpg)](https://neilpatel.com/blog/marketing-automation-tools)

</div>

Not sure where to start with marketing automation? Here are 25 tools,
and how to use them to streamline and improve your marketing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Rank Conjoint
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-rank-conjoint-analysis-af5ced77070b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:584/1*pvob0NwxRvQ4M5Fh5GKe8g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-rank-conjoint-analysis-af5ced77070b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Technique used to gain insights about consumers’ preferences

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Graphs Are a Matter of Life and
Death](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2021/06/21/when-graphs-are-a-matter-of-life-and-death?bxid=5e55ffc452ba1e2618785b70&cndid=49641078&esrc=)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/60c2bc03ebee9607e712a19e/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/210621_r38532.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2021/06/21/when-graphs-are-a-matter-of-life-and-death?bxid=5e55ffc452ba1e2618785b70&cndid=49641078&esrc=)

</div>

Pie charts and scatter plots seem like ordinary tools, but they
revolutionized the way we solve problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Is Gerrymandering About to Become More
Difficult?](https://www.politico.com/news/magazine/2021/05/27/redistricting-gerrymandering-2021-moon-duchin-interview-491199)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.politico.com/2c/8b/dce174ee4b5ba358a3200292afab/gerrymandering-qa-illo.jpg)](https://www.politico.com/news/magazine/2021/05/27/redistricting-gerrymandering-2021-moon-duchin-interview-491199)

</div>

A new approach in the way the Census aggregates its data could make it
more difficult to do extreme gerrymandering, says Moon Duchin.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Metric-Based (Ratings-based) Conjoint
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/metric-based-ratings-based-conjoint-analysis-844655f4e269?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*cOHJumu9vrCel4rR)](https://towardsdatascience.com/metric-based-ratings-based-conjoint-analysis-844655f4e269?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

In marketing analytics, conjoint analysis is a technique used to gain
specific insights about consumers’ preferences. Often derived from
consumer surveys, conjoint analysis can tell us, for instance…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How SoundScan Changed Everything We Knew About Popular
Music](https://www.theringer.com/music/2021/5/25/22452539/soundscan-billboard-charts-streaming-numbers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/lSgP9kqUnjBsNgVkHIfuxRPz9vo=/0x32:3700x1969/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22537748/soundscan.jpg)](https://www.theringer.com/music/2021/5/25/22452539/soundscan-billboard-charts-streaming-numbers)

</div>

Thirty years ago, Billboard changed the way it tabulated its charts,
turning the industry on its head and making room for genres once
considered afterthoughts to explode in the national consciousness

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Boxes, trucks and
bikes](https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2021/5/29/boxes-trucks-and-bikes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/50363cf324ac8e905e7df861/t/60b23bba289bde7618d0ac52/1622293434346/2.jpeg?format=1500w)](https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2021/5/29/boxes-trucks-and-bikes)

</div>

Should we still be talking about online and offline retail, or about
trucks versus boxes versus bikes?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Two Flavors Of Churn You Need To Know - Crunchbase
News](https://news.crunchbase.com/news/the-two-flavors-of-churn-you-need-to-know)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://news.crunchbase.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/Robinhood_.jpg)](https://news.crunchbase.com/news/the-two-flavors-of-churn-you-need-to-know)

</div>

Net dollar churn is a more value-driven way of looking at churn.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Resource Round-Up: Causal Inference \| Emily
Riederer](https://emilyriederer.netlify.app/post/resource-roundup-causal)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://emilyriederer.com/post/resource-roundup-causal/featured.jpg)](https://emilyriederer.netlify.app/post/resource-roundup-causal)

</div>

Free books, lectures, blogs, papers, and more for a causal inference
crash course

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Are You Still Using Pandas to Process Big Data in
2021?](https://link.medium.com/s7elocy8geb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*-RQZYqNWKwn34rpy)](https://link.medium.com/s7elocy8geb)

</div>

Pandas doesn’t handle well Big Data. These two libraries do! Which one
is better? Faster?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Buyer beware: Massive experiment shows why ticket sellers hit you with
last-second fees \| Haas News \| Berkeley
Haas](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/research/buyer-beware-massive-experiment-shows-why-ticket-sellers-hit-you-with-hidden-fees-drip-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/StubHub_AP-image.jpg)](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/research/buyer-beware-massive-experiment-shows-why-ticket-sellers-hit-you-with-hidden-fees-drip-pricing)

</div>

There’s a reason that online ticket sellers hit you with those extra
fees after you’ve picked your seats and are ready to click “buy.” Pure
profit. A

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pylift: A Fast Python Package for Uplift Modeling –
Wayfair](https://tech.wayfair.com/data-science/2018/10/pylift-a-fast-python-package-for-uplift-modeling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.aboutwayfair.com/dims4/default/72a4236/2147483647/strip/true/crop/890x467+0+84/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.aboutwayfair.com%2F26%2F56%2F6a48e6a44998b90781ff0d395840%2Fc751a432-pylift-feature-image.png)](https://tech.wayfair.com/data-science/2018/10/pylift-a-fast-python-package-for-uplift-modeling)

</div>

Uplift models seek to predict the incremental value attained in response
to a treatment. For example, if we want to know the value of showing an
advertisement to someone, typical response models will only tell us that
a person is likely to purchase after being given an advertisement,
though they may have been likely to purchase already. Uplift models will
predict how much more likely they are to purchase after being shown the
ad. The most scalable uplift modeling packages to date are theoretically
rigorous, but, in practice, they can be prohibitively slow. We have
written a Python package, pylift, that implements a transformative
method wrapped around scikit-learn to allow for (1) quick implementation
of uplift, (2) rigorous uplift evaluation, and (3) an extensible
python-based framework for future uplift method implementations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Annotated Heatmaps of a Correlation Matrix in 5 Simple Steps \| by
Julia
Kho](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:666/1*EuqHC0-iQpNW6yNMJdpbnA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

A heatmap is a graphical representation of data in which data values are
represented as colors. That is, it uses color in order to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You Should Learn
Alteryx](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-learn-alteryx-5e5fcbc557ae?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*cR0hoBgJ8GosEErriWEO8Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-you-should-learn-alteryx-5e5fcbc557ae?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

You can say goodbye to coding for data wrangling and data cleaning

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://px6vg4ekvl21gtxs836x5jyx-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/Guide-to-Product-Analytics-Worksheet.pdf>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Guide to Product Analytics - Introduction \|
Mixpanel](https://mixpanel.com/content/guide-to-product-analytics/intro)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mixpanel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Home-page-sharing-1.png)](https://mixpanel.com/content/guide-to-product-analytics/intro)

</div>

The Guide to Product Analytics taps dozens of product leaders (from
companies like Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn) to break down how PMs can
use product analytics to drive product-led growth.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail Analytics: A Novel and Intuitive way of finding Substitutes and
Comp](https://towardsdatascience.com/retail-analytics-a-novel-and-intuitive-way-of-finding-substitutes-and-complements-c99790800b42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*Ss_sQO1f20OzZNaz)](https://towardsdatascience.com/retail-analytics-a-novel-and-intuitive-way-of-finding-substitutes-and-complements-c99790800b42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Retail Analytics: Data Science for Retail

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[One Piece of Calculus That Can Change the Way You
Advertise](https://mackgrenfell.com/blog/mathematical-marketing-one-piece-of-calculus-that-can-change-the-way-you-advertise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5e26e90f16b6d177e3ff36c6/5fd4e1d68001c2402dfcc588_New%20Project%20(55).png)](https://mackgrenfell.com/blog/mathematical-marketing-one-piece-of-calculus-that-can-change-the-way-you-advertise)

</div>

If you make \$10 profit each time you sell a product, what cost per
conversion should you aim for? Answering this question isn't easy, but
it can teach us a lot about how to approach advertising.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Regular expressions google analytics
2019](https://www.bounteous.com/files/uploads/Regular-Expressions-Google-Analytics_2019.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Features](https://www.psl.com/feed-posts/psl-studio-kill-xylo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5d3152346d95065922960b3a/5e2692145f16d0aef5429fd4_psl-feed-features-studio-kill-xylo.jpg)](https://www.psl.com/feed-posts/psl-studio-kill-xylo)

</div>

PSL Features

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How tracking pixels work - Julia
Evans](https://jvns.ca/blog/how-tracking-pixels-work)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://docs.simpleanalytics.com/uniques>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Design Profitable Sales Funnels On
Mobile](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/12/design-profitable-sales-funnels-mobile)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/1c1e8c98-ae5c-41ea-9ee9-b5aa8b0d9aa6/design-profitable-sales-funnels-mobile.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/12/design-profitable-sales-funnels-mobile)

</div>

Every website or PWA you build should automate as much prospecting and
selling as possible. The only thing is that visitors enter websites with
various mindsets, depending on which part of the buying stage they’re
at. This means that you can’t just take every person who enters the site
through the same path. You have to design a custom sales funnel (or
pathway) for each kind of buyer. In this article, Suzanna Scacca will
tell you what you need to keep in mind.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Back to basics: Understanding your paid search
metrics](https://searchengineland.com/back-to-basics-understanding-your-paid-search-metrics-325799)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2019/11/Paid-Search-graph-handout-1920.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/back-to-basics-understanding-your-paid-search-metrics-325799)

</div>

Learn how to interpret what’s happening in your paid search account with
your traffic, conversions and sales data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building our Centralized Experimental Platform \| Stitch Fix Technology
–
Multithreaded](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2019/07/30/building-centralized-experimental-platform)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/assets/posts/2019-07-17-building-centralized-experimental-platform/fab.png)](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2019/07/30/building-centralized-experimental-platform)

</div>

Running an A/B test is easy. Screwing up an A/B test is even easier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[19 Free Tutorials for Google
Analytics](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/21-Free-Tutorials-for-Google-Analytics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/thumb2.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/21-Free-Tutorials-for-Google-Analytics)

</div>

Google Analytics may be the most important application to understand the
behavior of your visitors. And whether you’re a beginner or an
experienced user, there are many free resources to help. Here is a list
of free tutorials for Google Analytics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google Analytics: Introduction to Cross-device Reporting \| Practical
Ecomme](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/google-analytics-introduction-to-cross-device-reporting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Google-Analytics-Introduction-to-Cross-device-Reporting.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/google-analytics-introduction-to-cross-device-reporting)

</div>

There has been a seismic shift in website traffic in the past several
years, from desktop to mobile. Google Analytics has rolled out the beta
version of cross-device reporting to inform merchants of how their
shoppers are interacting via multiple devices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Experiments to Launch New
Products](https://hbr.org/2018/11/using-experiments-to-launch-new-products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/10/nov18_2_521713296.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/11/using-experiments-to-launch-new-products)

</div>

Increasingly, companies are using experiments to guide them in their
decision making—but many are still missing opportunities, or are failing
to implement experiments well. When it comes to the rollout of new
products, one particularly effective new kind of experiment involves
randomizing the introduction of new products across a set of markets.
Uber used this strategy before rolling out its Express Pool service, and
Airbnb did the same before rollout out a new landing-page design. In
both cases, the companies gathered data that allowed them to roll out
their products with confidence that they would succeed—as indeed they
did. Many companies, even those not in the tech sector, can benefit from
this kind of experimentation, especially if they follow a few basic
guidelines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use data in user research when you have no web
analytics](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=f3a6d0fee9&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://userresearch.blog.gov.uk/wp-content/uploads/sites/102/2019/03/Screen-Shot-2019-03-12-at-08.43.03.png)](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=f3a6d0fee9&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

When we think about the data we hold on our services, the first thing
that comes to mind is often website analytics. But there are other
valuable and occasionally overlooked types of data that can be really
useful to user researchers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Replacing Google Analytics with
GoAccess](https://benhoyt.com/writings/replacing-google-analytics)

</div>

How I replaced Google tracking with simple log-based analytics on my
personal website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[On Migrating from Google Analytics - Thomas Hunter
II](https://thomashunter.name/posts/2018-12-28-migrating-from-google-analytics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thomashunter.name/banners/2018-12-28-migrating-from-google-analytics.jpg)](https://thomashunter.name/posts/2018-12-28-migrating-from-google-analytics)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Gaps in Google Analytics That Require Additional
Tools](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/6-gaps-in-google-analytics-that-require-additional-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/6-Gaps-in-Google-Analytics-That-Require-Additional-Tools.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/6-gaps-in-google-analytics-that-require-additional-tools)

</div>

Google Analytics is a powerful, free web analytics platform. However, it
has gaps that are better served by other tools. I'll address those gaps
and tools in this post.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[\$9 Marketing Stack: A Step-by-Step
Guide](http://robsobers.com/9-dollar-marketing-stack-step-by-step-setup-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://robsobers.com/content/images/wordpress/2015/01/stack-for-bootstrappers-yellow.jpg)](http://robsobers.com/9-dollar-marketing-stack-step-by-step-setup-guide)

</div>

Update 2016-10-18: This tutorial has been updated to reflect the latest
version of my stack (now with Drip!). I’ve also updated pricing info
(it’s technically a \$0 stack now) and screenshots. The original
outdated article is archived here. “Just tell me what to do so I can
stop

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Respond to Skepticism of Testing Small Groups of
Users](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/responding-skepticism-small-usability-tests)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/responding-skepticism-small-usability-tests2.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/responding-skepticism-small-usability-tests)

</div>

“That’s just one person” and “Our real users aren’t like that” are
common objections to findings from qualitative usability testing.
Address these concerns proactively to ensure your research is effective.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Experimentation Secrets from Airbnb and
Uber](https://blog.optimizely.com/2019/01/30/6-experimentation-secrets-from-airbnb-and-uber)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.optimizely.com/contentassets/6149df3d979d473abe3e7b4d21ed8d7c/teaser-placeholders_articles.jpg)](https://blog.optimizely.com/2019/01/30/6-experimentation-secrets-from-airbnb-and-uber)

</div>

Last week we hosted over 130 experimenters at Optimizely HQ in San
Francisco for our first live event of the year. We were lucky enough to
be joined by two...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evidence scores — the acid test of your
ideas](https://medium.com/@itamargilad/evidence-based-scoring-a-systematic-way-to-know-if-you-have-a-good-idea-44d39e166abf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:705/1*8UgLf8IwfKDuW8zFMuwmLA.png)](https://medium.com/@itamargilad/evidence-based-scoring-a-systematic-way-to-know-if-you-have-a-good-idea-44d39e166abf)

</div>

Finding and building the next big idea is the holy grail of any tech
company. Unfortunately the statistics are against us: when subjected…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It's time to ditch Google Analytics - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/90300072/its-time-to-ditch-google-analytics?partner=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2019/02/p-2-90300072-itand8217s-time-to-ditch-google-analytics.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90300072/its-time-to-ditch-google-analytics?partner=rss)

</div>

Check out these 3 privacy-focused alternatives to Google Analytics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[We wasted \$50K on Google Ads so you don’t have
to](https://www.indiehackers.com/@AntonElfimov/we-wasted-50k-on-google-ads-so-you-don-t-have-to-af688095de)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.indiehackers.com/images/shareables/home.jpg)](https://www.indiehackers.com/@AntonElfimov/we-wasted-50k-on-google-ads-so-you-don-t-have-to-af688095de)

</div>

Connect with developers sharing the strategies and revenue numbers
behind their companies and side projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Ways to Measure Marketing Campaigns You (Probably) Haven’t
Considered](https://dataconomy.com/2019/01/measure-marketing-campaigns-bayesian)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/20181219_DCMN_Dataconomy_Plots_3-Featured-Crop.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2019/01/measure-marketing-campaigns-bayesian)

</div>

When we need to measure marketing campaigns, most of us have cracked
online campaign tracking – we have a cookie

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://t.co/jaEWMYfgXr?ssr=true>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Things I Learned Building an Analytics
Engine](https://dev.to/dougblackjr/things-i-learned-building-an-analytics-engine-2mmj)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fcl.ly%2F631ab9a40167%2Fdownload%2FImage%25202018-10-21%2520at%25209.39.02%2520AM.png)](https://dev.to/dougblackjr/things-i-learned-building-an-analytics-engine-2mmj)

</div>

A side project that got much bigger than I thought.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Google Analytics: A Complete
Guide](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/complete-guide-google-analytics/263087)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Complete-Guide-to-Google-Analytics.png)](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/complete-guide-google-analytics/263087)

</div>

Read this guide for an overview of Google Analytics and how you can use
all the data to your advantage to boost your SEO and digital marketing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Best Product Teams Crave Truth and Do
Math](https://www.insightpartners.com/blog/the-best-product-teams-crave-truth-and-do-math)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.insightpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/scaleup_blog_tech-1.png)](https://www.insightpartners.com/blog/the-best-product-teams-crave-truth-and-do-math)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Edge Computing at Chick-fil-A – Chick-fil-A Tech Blog –
Medium](https://medium.com/@cfatechblog/edge-computing-at-chick-fil-a-7d67242675e2)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Left Side of Steve Kerr’s
Brain](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/07/sports/the-left-side-of-steve-kerrs-brain.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2018/06/08/sports/08gelfand-web1/merlin_137582484_0d03a192-57f2-4e57-a9f6-819e61972d2d-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2018&h=683&w=1024&s=4499b21c50e254add62806fef9d6ba8eacec7846557fde208926ed7cfb7835ce&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/07/sports/the-left-side-of-steve-kerrs-brain.html)

</div>

Sammy Gelfand is the numbers guy behind the Golden State Warriors’
success. Some pretty good players help, too.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[51 Examples of Growth Hacking Strategies & Techniques From The World’s
Most](https://johnmcelborough.com/growth-hacking-strategies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://johnmcelborough.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/growth-hacking-strategies.jpg)](https://johnmcelborough.com/growth-hacking-strategies)

</div>

Learn how the world's fastest growing companies have hacked their way to
success with innovative products, viral promotions and ingenious
marketing campaigns. \[6500 words\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Google Analytics with
Angular](https://dev.to/jordanirabor/using-google-analytics-with-angular-930)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.scotch.io%2F40410%2FSiFAjE8OT5eXmx8o5x06_Featured%2520Image%2520%281%29.png)](https://dev.to/jordanirabor/using-google-analytics-with-angular-930)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Marketing Multi-Channel Attribution model based on Sales Funnel with
R](http://analyzecore.com/2017/09/28/marketing-multi-channel-attribution-model-based-on-sales-funnel-with-r)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/www.analyzecore.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/pic_2_sf_viz_1c.png?fit=1152%2C864&ssl=1)](http://analyzecore.com/2017/09/28/marketing-multi-channel-attribution-model-based-on-sales-funnel-with-r)

</div>

We will review another fascinating approach that marries heuristic and
probabilistic methods. We will link marketing channels with a
probability of a customer passing through each step of a Sales Funnel

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When to Track on the Client vs.
Server](https://segment.com/academy/collecting-data/when-to-track-on-the-client-vs-server)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://segment.com/content/dam/segment/global/en/academy/legacy/social-images/og-academy.png)](https://segment.com/academy/collecting-data/when-to-track-on-the-client-vs-server)

</div>

When deciding whether to track users on the server or on the client,
there are many gotchas and factors to consider. Here is a short guide
with pros and cons of each.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding the value of your customer: CLV
101](http://dataconomy.com/2017/11/understanding-value-customer-clv-101)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Screen-Shot-2017-11-24-at-1.08.27-PM.jpg)](http://dataconomy.com/2017/11/understanding-value-customer-clv-101)

</div>

At some point, almost every company faces questions like How good are
the customers that we acquire? How do they

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Not To Sort By Average Rating – Evan
Miller](http://www.evanmiller.org/how-not-to-sort-by-average-rating.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.evanmiller.org/images/previews/how-not-to-sort-by-average-rating.png)](http://www.evanmiller.org/how-not-to-sort-by-average-rating.html)

</div>

Users are rating items on your website. How do you know what the
highest-rated items are?

</div>

</div>
