<div class="nav">

âŸµ [Up](index.html) Â \|Â  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# bash

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heredocs Can Make Your Bash Scripts Self-Documenting \| Hold The
Robot](https://holdtherobot.com/blog/heredocs-can-make-your-bash-scripts-self-documenting/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://holdtherobot.com/img/feature_graphic.png)](https://holdtherobot.com/blog/heredocs-can-make-your-bash-scripts-self-documenting/)

</div>

I have long since come to appreciate the value of writing scripts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Essential Bash Shell Commands for Data
Science](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-essential-bash-shell-commands-for-data-science)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/10-Essential-Bash-Shell-Commands-for-Data-Science.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-essential-bash-shell-commands-for-data-science)

</div>

In this tutorial, weâ€™ll cover 10 essential Bash shell commands every
data scientist should knowâ€”commands that save time, simplify tasks, and
keep you focused on insights rather than busywork.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash One-Liners for Quick Data
Transformations](https://www.statology.org/bash-one-liners-quick-data-transformations/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/sta-bash-20250123-05-1024x574.png)](https://www.statology.org/bash-one-liners-quick-data-transformations/)

</div>

Here are 10 powerful one-liners that can help you quickly accomplish
essential data tasks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Expansion in the Linux Shell \|
R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/10/understanding-expansion-in-the-linux-shell/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.spsanderson.com/steveondata/posts/2024-10-18/flowchart.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/10/understanding-expansion-in-the-linux-shell/)

</div>

Introduction For beginners venturing into the world of Linux,
understanding shell expansion is a crucial step towards mastering the
command line. Shell expansion is a powerful feature that allows users to
generate complex commands and manipulat...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby: a great language for shell scripts! - Lucas Seiki
Oshiro](https://lucasoshiro.github.io/posts-en/2024-06-17-ruby-shellscript)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/Ruby_logo.svg)](https://lucasoshiro.github.io/posts-en/2024-06-17-ruby-shellscript)

</div>

Itâ€™s more than rails!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Shell Scripting Techniques: Automating Complex Tasks with
Bash](https://omid.dev/2024/06/19/advanced-shell-scripting-techniques-automating-complex-tasks-with-bash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://omid.dev/opengraph/techblog_hu12694431652368709221.jpg)](https://omid.dev/2024/06/19/advanced-shell-scripting-techniques-automating-complex-tasks-with-bash)

</div>

Bash scripting, a cornerstone of Unix and Linux system administration,
offers powerful tools to automate repetitive tasks, streamline
workflows, and handle complex operations. For those already comfortable
with basic scripting, diving into advanced techniques can unlock new
levels of efficiency and capability. This post will explore advanced
shell scripting techniques in Bash, focusing on script optimization,
robust error handling, and automating complex system administration
tasks. Script Optimization Optimization is crucial for ensuring that
your scripts run efficiently, especially when dealing with large
datasets or intensive tasks. Here are some key techniques to optimize
your Bash scripts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding The \$BASH_REMATCH In Bash \| by Linux School Tech \|
Medium](https://medium.com/@linuxschooltech/understanding-the-bash-rematch-in-bash-183a5b065081)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*nIZog5UABUp9SCA2E0iT8w.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@linuxschooltech/understanding-the-bash-rematch-in-bash-183a5b065081)

</div>

\$BASH_REMATCH is a special array variable in the Bash shell that stores
the results of matching a regular expression using the =~ operatorâ€¦

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[bash debugging](https://wizardzines.com/comics/bash-debugging)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wizardzines.com/images/uploads/bash-debugging.png)](https://wizardzines.com/comics/bash-debugging)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New talk: Making Hard Things
Easy](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/10/06/new-talk--making-hard-things-easy)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/06eb9c0064d30c415392cb42549184e3c758d20253cf369fd0e871a5c8b020c4/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible)](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible)

</div>

ðŸ“– A collection of pure bash alternatives to external processes. -
dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improving Your Workflow as a Developer with Bash
Aliases](https://dev.to/0xjamin/improving-your-workflow-as-a-developer-with-bash-aliases-5bnm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fwulhjkhehaeus38dqbhi.png)](https://dev.to/0xjamin/improving-your-workflow-as-a-developer-with-bash-aliases-5bnm)

</div>

As a developer, you most likely spend a significant amount of time
working with the command-line...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to get and extract filename extension in Bash -
nixCraft](https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/extract-bash-get-filename-extension)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cyberciti.biz/media/new/faq/2023/08/Extracting-bash-filename-and-extension-using-IFS-shell-variable.png)](https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/extract-bash-get-filename-extension)

</div>

Explains three methods to get and extract filename extension in Bash for
Linux and Unix shell scripting needs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shell Built-in
Commands](https://linuxhandbook.com/shell-builtin-commands)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/07/shell-built-in-commands-list.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/shell-builtin-commands)

</div>

In Linux, there are shell built-in commands which you are already using
but never paid attention to. Learn more about them in this tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Until Loop in Bash](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-until-loop)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/07/until-loop-in-bash.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-until-loop)

</div>

While for maybe the most popular bash loop, wait until you discover
until. Pun intended :)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Read File Line by Line in
Bash](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-read-line-by-line)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/06/read-line-by-line-bash.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-read-line-by-line)

</div>

Here are a couple of ways for reading file line by line in the Bash
shell.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How "Exit Traps" Can Make Your Bash Scripts Way More Robust And
Reliable](http://redsymbol.net/articles/bash-exit-traps)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Appending to Arrays in
Bash](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-append-array)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/05/array-in-bash.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-append-array)

</div>

In this quick Bash tip, you'll learn about appending to an existing
array in bash.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using exec Command in Bash Shell
Scripts](https://linuxhandbook.com/exec-command-shell-scripts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/05/exec-command-in-shell-script.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/exec-command-shell-scripts)

</div>

The exec command in shell scripts is super useful for logging, reading
from files and running commands by replacing the current process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Special Variables in Bash Shell
Scripting](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-special-variables)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/04/special-variables-in-bash-shell-scripting.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/bash-special-variables)

</div>

The bash shell has some special variables that have specific usages and
purposes. Learn more about them here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bobby Iliev - Introduction to Bash
Scripting](https://ebook.bobby.sh/#ebook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.devdojo.com/posts/images/November2020/open-source-introduction-to-bash-scripting-ebook-guide.jpg?auto=format)](https://ebook.bobby.sh/#ebook)

</div>

This is an open-source introduction to Bash scripting ebook that will
help you learn the basics of Bash scripting and start writing awesome
Bash scripts that will help you automate your daily SysOps, DevOps, and
Dev tasks...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Genuinely Useful Bash Scripts for Data
Science](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/bash-scripts-data-science.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/mayo-bash-scripts-header.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/bash-scripts-data-science.html)

</div>

In this article, we are going to take a look at five different data
science-related scripting-friendly tasks, where we should see how
flexible and useful Bash can be.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Brace Expansion in Bash
Shell](https://linuxhandbook.com/brace-expansion)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2022/11/bash-expansion-in-linux.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/brace-expansion)

</div>

Brace expansion in the bash shell is a lesser known but an awesome
feature. Learn about using them like a Pro Linux user with practical
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shell Script Best Practices â€” The
Sharat's](https://sharats.me/posts/shell-script-best-practices)

</div>

This article is about a few quick thumb rules I use when writing shell
scripts that Iâ€™ve come to appreciate over the years. Very
opinionated....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a Web server in Bash, part I -
sockets](https://dev.to/leandronsp/building-a-web-server-in-bash-part-i-sockets-2n8b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvw5gqra0kmw4in38sd9e.png)](https://dev.to/leandronsp/building-a-web-server-in-bash-part-i-sockets-2n8b)

</div>

Have you ever wondered how a Web server works under the hood? Moreover,
would you be willing to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GitHub - onceupon/Bash-Oneliner: A collection of handy Bash One-Liners
and](https://github.com/onceupon/Bash-Oneliner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/61099017/cde6c580-765d-11e9-9f0a-9d94f2bdf421)](https://github.com/onceupon/Bash-Oneliner)

</div>

A collection of handy Bash One-Liners and terminal tricks for data
processing and Linux system maintenance. - onceupon/Bash-Oneliner

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Find the PID and PPID of a Process in
Linux](https://linuxhandbook.com/find-process-id)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2022/01/Finding-Process-ID.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/find-process-id)

</div>

Learn how to find PID using a process name in Linux. Also learn to get
the parent process ID (PPID) of the given process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash Guide for
Beginners](http://tldp.org/LDP/Bash-Beginners-Guide/html/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Bash Guide](http://guide.bash.academy)

</div>

A complete guide for newcomers and advanced users to correct usage and
deepen understanding of the bash shell language.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pure-bash-bible/README.md at master Â·
dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible/blob/master/README.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/78861a444d96fd64f889146bc477a168496962aa0d1bf7a80b8e83781bbd2a98/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible)](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible/blob/master/README.md)

</div>

ðŸ“– A collection of pure bash alternatives to external processes. -
dylanaraps/pure-bash-bible

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash scripting quirks & safety
tips](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/03/26/bash-quirks)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash scripting cheatsheet](https://devhints.io/bash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.devhints.io/previews/bash.jpg)](https://devhints.io/bash)

</div>

Variables Â· Functions Â· Interpolation Â· Brace expansions Â· Loops Â·
Conditional execution Â· Command substitution Â· One-page guide to Bash
scripting

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ten Things I Wish Iâ€™d Known About
bash](https://zwischenzugs.com/2018/01/06/ten-things-i-wish-id-known-about-bash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://zwischenzugs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/hero.png)](https://zwischenzugs.com/2018/01/06/ten-things-i-wish-id-known-about-bash)

</div>

Intro RecentlyÂ I wanted to deepen my understanding of bash by
researching as much of it as possible. Because I felt bash is an
often-used (and under-understood) technology, I ended up writing â€¦

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 handy Bash aliases for
Linux](https://opensource.com/article/18/9/handy-bash-aliases)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opensource.com/sites/default/files/lead-images/bash_command_line.png)](https://opensource.com/article/18/9/handy-bash-aliases)

</div>

Get more efficient by using condensed versions of long Bash commands.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Shell Introduction I Wish I
Had](https://dev.to/maxwell_dev/the-shell-introduction-i-wish-i-had-551k)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fthepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fy3kvoth9jo8evwxim16u.png)](https://dev.to/maxwell_dev/the-shell-introduction-i-wish-i-had-551k)

</div>

I write a letter to my past self about the Shell's importance I wish I'd
focused on earlier in my career.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[101 Bash Commands and Tips for Beginners to
Experts](https://dev.to/awwsmm/101-bash-commands-and-tips-for-beginners-to-experts-30je)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fthepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fmhlzt5ctquamg3z9i2r7.jpg)](https://dev.to/awwsmm/101-bash-commands-and-tips-for-beginners-to-experts-30je)

</div>

Update 25 Sep 2019: This article is now available in Japanese, thanks to
the hard work of ãƒ©ãƒŠãƒ»ã‚¯ã‚¢ãƒ¼ãƒ«....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Converting and Optimizing Images From the Command Line \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/converting-and-optimizing-images-from-the-command-line)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/330977)](https://css-tricks.com/converting-and-optimizing-images-from-the-command-line)

</div>

Images take up to 50% of the total size of an average web page. And if
images are not optimized, users end up downloading extra bytes. And if
theyâ€™re

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash Patterns I Use
Weekly](https://will-keleher.com/posts/5-Useful-Bash-Patterns.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://will-keleher.com/images/previews/WeeklyBashPatterns.png)](https://will-keleher.com/posts/5-Useful-Bash-Patterns.html)

</div>

5 bash tricks I find myself using often that I wish I'd discovered
sooner.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Shebang in Linux Shell
Scripting?](https://linuxhandbook.com/shebang)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2021/10/shebang-linux.webp)](https://linuxhandbook.com/shebang)

</div>

The seemingly insignificant \#! characters at the beginning of a shell
script has a major significance on how your script will be executed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unusual Ways to Use Variables Inside Bash
Scripts](https://linuxhandbook.com/variables-bash-script)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2021/09/Bash-Variables-unusual-usage.webp)](https://linuxhandbook.com/variables-bash-script)

</div>

You might have used variables in Bash before, but probably not like
this.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Command line wizardry, part two: Variables and loops in
Bash](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/09/command-line-wizardry-part-two-variables-and-loops-in-bash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/virtual-play-date-ideas-magic-tricks-1586391856.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/09/command-line-wizardry-part-two-variables-and-loops-in-bash)

</div>

Learn to process thousands of items reliably and repeatably in this
installment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Run Commands When You Log Out Using
~/.bash_logout](https://bash.cyberciti.biz/guide/.bash_logout)

</div>

The .bash_logout file is the individual login shell cleanup file. It is
executed when a login shell exits. This file exists in the user's home
directory. For example, \$HOME/.bash_logout. This file is useful if you
want to run task or another script or command automatically at logout.
For example, clear the mysql command line history stored in
~/.mysql_history or to make a backup of files you can use this file.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to repeat a character 'n' times in Bash -
nixCraft](https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/repeat-a-character-in-bash-script-under-linux-unix)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cyberciti.biz/media/new/faq/2021/06/Shell-How-can-I-repeat-a-character-in-Bash-under-Linux.png)](https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/repeat-a-character-in-bash-script-under-linux-unix)

</div>

In this post, I try to explore various ways to repeat a character and
string in Bash 'n' times that must run on macOS/FreeBSD and Linux.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My Favorite One Liners \|
Muhammad](https://muhammadraza.me/2021/Oneliners)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://muhammadraza.me/)](https://muhammadraza.me/2021/Oneliners)

</div>

Commandline one liners that makes your workflow more productive

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What the \#! shebang really does and why it's so important in your
shell
scr](https://dev.to/meleu/what-the-shebang-really-does-and-why-it-s-so-important-in-your-shell-scripts-2755)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2F71jsf4ymyf93rz7m45m4.png)](https://dev.to/meleu/what-the-shebang-really-does-and-why-it-s-so-important-in-your-shell-scripts-2755)

</div>

What exactly happens when we run a file starting with \#! (aka shebang),
and why some people use \#!/us...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[bobbyiliev/introduction-to-bash-scripting: Free Introduction to Bash
Scripting
eBook](https://github.com/bobbyiliev/introduction-to-bash-scripting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/f1982fd084f38201cf528d7165748160f346d9c62204c947e4d0c62ef1f78d62/bobbyiliev/introduction-to-bash-scripting)](https://github.com/bobbyiliev/introduction-to-bash-scripting)

</div>

Free Introduction to Bash Scripting eBook.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Bash Aliases \|
Linuxize](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-create-bash-aliases)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-create-bash-aliases/featured.jpg)](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-create-bash-aliases)

</div>

Bash aliases are essentially shortcuts that can save you from having to
remember long commands and eliminate a great deal of typing when you are
working on the command line.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Install Ruby on Ubuntu 18.04 \|
Linuxize](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04/featured.jpg)](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

Ruby is one of the most popular languages today. It has an elegant
syntax and it is the language behind the powerful Ruby on Rails
framework. In this tutorial we will show you three different ways to
install Ruby on Ubuntu 18.04 system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: Critic.sh â€“ Dead simple testing framework for
Bash](https://github.com/Checksum/critic.sh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/69dac1bb4f0136f1549175afacd1d0c4fbc29ed2f7a8fe5b2b2f686b63a6a4bd/Checksum/critic.sh)](https://github.com/Checksum/critic.sh)

</div>

Dead simple testing framework for Bash with coverage reporting -
Checksum/critic.sh

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash-my-AWS](https://bash-my-aws.org)

</div>

Bash-my-AWS is a simple but powerful set of CLI commands for managing
resources on Amazon Web Services.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Bash: Elements of Programming \| Linux
Journal](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/understanding-bash-elements-programming)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Illustrated Guide to Some Useful Command Line Tools - WezM.net by
Wesley
Moore](https://www.wezm.net/technical/2019/10/useful-command-line-tools)

</div>

A short description and screenshot of some useful command line tools I
use that aren't part of typical POSIX environment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A blog by Darren Burns](https://darrenburns.net/posts/tools)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Command Line Tools for Data
Science](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/07/five-command-line-tools-data-science.html)

</div>

You can do more data science than you think from the terminal.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The hard part in becoming a command line
wizard](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2019/02/18/command-line-wizard)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/twittercard.png)](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2019/02/18/command-line-wizard)

</div>

I've long been impressed by shell one-liners. They seem like magical
incantations. Pipe a few terse commands together, et voilÃ ! Out pops the
solution to a problem that would seem to require pages of code. Are
these one-liners real or mythology? To some extent, they're both. Below
I'll give a famous real example. Then I'll argue

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ramblings from Jessie: For the Love of
Pipes](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/for-the-love-of-pipes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.jessfraz.com/img/share.png)](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/for-the-love-of-pipes)

</div>

Why unix pipes are awesome.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Power Up Your Command Line, Part
3](https://dev.to/_darrenburns/power-up-your-command-line-part-3-4o53)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fthepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fzf6prmqwnzk9r0m9n96z.png)](https://dev.to/_darrenburns/power-up-your-command-line-part-3-4o53)

</div>

Five lesser-known command line utilities you'll want to install right
away.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bash-Snippets: A collection of small bash scripts for heavy terminal
users](https://github.com/alexanderepstein/Bash-Snippets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/1ff6a5dc693652f8ee40af6f87ac5b113a4731d6aa02882930ae9d905629945c/alexanderepstein/Bash-Snippets)](https://github.com/alexanderepstein/Bash-Snippets)

</div>

A collection of small bash scripts for heavy terminal users -
alexanderepstein/Bash-Snippets

</div>

</div>
