<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# buildings

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Features - How to Build a Medieval Castle - Archaeology Magazine -
September/October
2025](https://archaeology.org/issues/september-october-2025/features/how-to-build-a-medieval-castle/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archaeology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/SO25-Guedelon-Castle-Aerial-Featured.jpg)](https://archaeology.org/issues/september-october-2025/features/how-to-build-a-medieval-castle/)

</div>

Why are archaeologists constructing a thirteenth-century fortress in the
forests of France?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[From rebuild to replica, architecture has a double life \| Aeon
Essays](https://aeon.co/essays/from-rebuild-to-replica-architecture-has-a-double-life)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/c158666f-5e40-464e-8997-b82c970b1679/essay-maxim-mushnikov-grcjk_tghnm-unsplash.jpg?width=1200&quality=75&format=auto)](https://aeon.co/essays/from-rebuild-to-replica-architecture-has-a-double-life)

</div>

Architectural copies of lost structures require reckoning with history
and heritage. At what cost is the past rebuilt?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Brian Potter on what he has learned writing Construction Phyics -
Marginal
REVOLUTION](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2025/04/brian-potter-on-what-he-has-learned-writing-construction-phyics.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://marginalrevolution.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/MR-logo-thumbnail.png)](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2025/04/brian-potter-on-what-he-has-learned-writing-construction-phyics.html)

</div>

Individual construction tasks have, on average, not gotten cheaper
since at least the 1950s. Bricks haven’t gotten cheaper since the
mid-19th century, despite massive improvements in brickmaking
technology. Construction has a reputation for being slow to innovate,
but innovations seem to spread in construction at roughly similar rates
to other industries, like car manufacturing or agriculture. Single
family \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The beauty of
concrete](https://worksinprogress.co/issue/the-beauty-of-concrete)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wip.gatspress.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/The-beauty-of-concrete-6.png)](https://worksinprogress.co/issue/the-beauty-of-concrete)

</div>

Why are buildings today simple and austere, while buildings of the past
were ornate and elaborately ornamented? The answer is not the cost of
labor.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exit Strategy: The Case for Single-Stair
Egress](https://www.architecturalrecord.com/articles/16880-exit-strategy-the-case-for-single-stair-egress)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.architecturalrecord.com/ext/resources/Issues/2024/05-May/Stairs-BW-edited.jpg?height=635&t=1715314508&width=1200)](https://www.architecturalrecord.com/articles/16880-exit-strategy-the-case-for-single-stair-egress)

</div>

Forum: Reforming U.S. building codes to permit single-stair apartment
buildings would facilitate cost-effective and higher-density housing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wall cladding made from corn cob waste brings sustainable construction
mate](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/01/29/wall-cladding-made-from-corn-cob-waste-brings-sustainable-construction-materials)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2024/01/wall-cladding-made-from-corn-cob-waste-brings-sustainable-construction-materials/1.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/01/29/wall-cladding-made-from-corn-cob-waste-brings-sustainable-construction-materials)

</div>

Construction is something that we probably cannot do without as we
continue to build houses, buildings, and other structures. The quest for
coming up with sustainable construction is ongoing as we look for
materials that are eco-friendly and the process in creating them to be
as sustainable as possible. There are a lot of waste

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How building codes work in the US - by Brian
Potter](https://constructionphysics.substack.com/p/how-building-codes-work-in-the-us)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F19736ce5-8de4-4e6e-be4a-d7bf5f2d64cc_667x459.png)](https://constructionphysics.substack.com/p/how-building-codes-work-in-the-us)

</div>

Buildings must be built to the requirements of the building code, a set
of laws that governs how a building must be built.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Where Are The Robotic Bricklayers? - by Brian Potter - Construction
Physics](https://constructionphysics.substack.com/p/where-are-the-robotic-bricklayers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F3975fb2b-12f1-407a-b215-a96cfa777141_719x436.png)](https://constructionphysics.substack.com/p/where-are-the-robotic-bricklayers)

</div>

When researching construction, you invariably discover that any new or
innovative idea has actually been tried over and over again, often
stretching back decades.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dry Stone Walls – Principles of structurally sound
construction](https://www.masonrymagazine.com/blog/2018/11/01/dry-stone-walls-principles-of-structurally-sound-construction)

</div>

</div>

</div>
