<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# cameras

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CMOS Image Sensor: Ultimate
Guide](https://anysilicon.com/cmos-image-sensor-ultimate-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anysilicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Depositphotos_4240502_s.png)](https://anysilicon.com/cmos-image-sensor-ultimate-guide)

</div>

Imagine a world where every moment is captured with immaculate clarity,
from the delicate hues of a sunset to the swift action of a sporting
event. The heart of this imagery revolution lies in the CMOS image
sensor (CIS), a masterpiece of technology little known outside expert
circles. Its evolution has been pivotal in the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intriguing Vintage Spy Cameras: Covert Wonders of Espionage’s Golden
Age](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/vintage-handheld-spy-cameras)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/vintage-handheld-spy-cameras.jpg)](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/vintage-handheld-spy-cameras)

</div>

Explore the fascinating world of vintage spy cameras from the Golden Age
of Espionage. Discover covert wonders in this intriguing collection.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This holographic camera turns any window into an invisible
camera](https://www.digitalcameraworld.com/news/this-holographic-camera-turns-any-window-into-an-invisible-camera)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/tzwXNMkCUsLmT5HLhKdqaD-1200-80.jpg)](https://www.digitalcameraworld.com/news/this-holographic-camera-turns-any-window-into-an-invisible-camera)

</div>

Zeiss' "Holocam" is a transparent camera powered by holography that
turns glass windows into cameras

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is an Image Processor? Turns Out the Answer is
Hazy](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-is-an-image-processor-turns-out-the-answer-is-hazy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/intro_image_signal_processing_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-is-an-image-processor-turns-out-the-answer-is-hazy)

</div>

Real-time image processing is a resource-intensive task that often
requires specialized hardware. With that in mind, let's explore
processors that are designed specifically for photo and video
applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lenses Are Being Reinvented, and Cameras Will Never Be the Same \| MIT
Techn](https://www.technologyreview.com/2017/12/01/241623/physicists-are-reinventing-the-lens-and-imaging-will-never-be-the-same)

</div>

“Metalenses” created with photolithography could change the nature of
imaging and optical processing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Comprehensive Tutorial on Stereo Geometry and Stereo Rectification
with
P](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-comprehensive-tutorial-on-stereo-geometry-and-stereo-rectification-with-python-7f368b09924a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bq7TY8eW7Q6dlwHh2LwQVA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-comprehensive-tutorial-on-stereo-geometry-and-stereo-rectification-with-python-7f368b09924a)

</div>

Everything you need to know about Stereo Geometry

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TIL: You Can Access A User's Camera with Just
HTML](https://austingil.com/html-capture-attribute)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://austingil.com/wp-content/uploads/HTML-Blog-Cover.png)](https://austingil.com/html-capture-attribute)

</div>

The HTML capture attribute is interesting because it allows you to
activate a user's camera with just HTML. This article covers it in more
depth.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Camera sensor size: Why does it matter and exactly how big are
they?](http://newatlas.com/camera-sensor-size-guide/26684)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.newatlas.com/dims4/default/e5a5fdd/2147483647/strip/true/crop/2000x1050+0+67/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewatlas-brightspot.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farchive%2Fcamera-sensor-size-22.jpg)](http://newatlas.com/camera-sensor-size-guide/26684)

</div>

The megapixel myth has treated camera manufacturers well over the years,
those ever increasing, and often meaningless, numbers have sold millions
of cameras. But consumers are getting wise to it. We've all seen dodgy
images from high megapixel cameras and know that after a point,
megapixels don't matter for most people – a 16 MP compact isn't ever
going to be as good as a 12 MP Full Frame DSLR. What does matter is
sensor size!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Frequencies%20
presentation](http://images.anandtech.com/reviews/gadgets/HTC/HTCOne/Frequencies%20Presentation.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image sensors make a good smartphone camera \[infographic\] -
IntoMobile](http://www.intomobile.com/2013/11/08/image-sensors-make-good-smartphone-camera-infographic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.intomobile.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/SamsungCMOS_head.jpg)](http://www.intomobile.com/2013/11/08/image-sensors-make-good-smartphone-camera-infographic)

</div>

Today, smartphones have made it easier than ever to capture beautiful
images and videos. But what makes a good smartphone camera? It’s
actually the image sensor. This piece of technology may be small, but it
has a big impact on whatever your Instagram selfie is blurry or your
Vine video is pixelated. You can see… Read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Camera Optics & Smartphone Camera Trends, A Presentation
by Brian
Klug](http://www.anandtech.com/show/6777/understanding-camera-optics-smartphone-camera-trends/3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/6777/HTC%20One_Silver_3V_Camera.jpg)](http://www.anandtech.com/show/6777/understanding-camera-optics-smartphone-camera-trends/3)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Page
Reload](https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/uw-micro-camera)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/university-of-washington-microcamera-for-robots-and-bugs.jpg?id=25592026&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C103%2C0%2C104)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-hardware/uw-micro-camera)

</div>

Minuscule camera streams video from tiny robots and live bugs

</div>

</div>
