<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# chatbots

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chatbot Arena (formerly LMSYS): Free AI Chat to Compare & Test Best AI
Chatbots](https://lmarena.ai/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/public-arena-asset/lmsys.jpg)](https://lmarena.ai/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Great AI Chatbot Challenge: ChatGPT vs. Gemini vs. Copilot vs.
Perplexi](https://www.wsj.com/tech/personal-tech/ai-chatbots-chatgpt-gemini-copilot-perplexity-claude-f9e40d26?reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink&st=qr25rixxk1o73s6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.wsj.net/im-963856/social)](https://www.wsj.com/tech/personal-tech/ai-chatbots-chatgpt-gemini-copilot-perplexity-claude-f9e40d26?reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink&st=qr25rixxk1o73s6)

</div>

We tested OpenAI’s ChatGPT against Microsoft’s Copilot and Google’s
Gemini, along with Perplexity and Anthropic’s Claude. Here’s how they
ranked.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Claude vs ChatGPT: A Comparison of AI
Chatbots](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/09/claude-vs-chatgpt-a-comparison-of-ai-chatbots)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Screenshot-2024-04-09-at-1.38.32-PM-1024x771.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/09/claude-vs-chatgpt-a-comparison-of-ai-chatbots)

</div>

Claude and ChatGPT are two compelling options in AI chatbots, each with
unique features and capabilities. To discern their strengths and
suitability for various applications, let's compare these two AI
chatbots comprehensively. What is Claude? Claude is an AI chatbot
developed by an Anthropic AI renowned for its ability to simulate
human-like conversations. Built on sophisticated NLP algorithms, Claude
excels in engaging users in meaningful dialogues across a spectrum of
topics. What sets Claude apart is its emphasis on understanding the
user's persona and tailoring responses to match individual preferences
and communication styles. This personalised touch enhances user
experience, fostering

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Innovative three-year-olds expose the limits of AI
chatbots](https://psyche.co/ideas/innovative-three-year-olds-expose-the-limits-of-ai-chatbots)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/72aeba16-3c47-427d-8ee8-d53fd35ecf3d/original.jpg)](https://psyche.co/ideas/innovative-three-year-olds-expose-the-limits-of-ai-chatbots)

</div>

New experiments show that very young children are better at solving
creative puzzles than ChatGPT and other AI models

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ChatGPT, Bard, or Bing Chat? Differences Among 3 Generative-AI
Bots](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ai-bot-comparison)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/AI-Bots_social-33.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ai-bot-comparison)

</div>

Participants rated Bing Chat as less helpful and trustworthy than
ChatGPT or Bard. These results can be attributed to Bing’s richer yet
imperfect UI and to its poorer information aggregation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Deep Dive Into LLaMA, Falcon, Llama 2 and Their Remarkable Fine-Tuned
Ver](https://www.turingpost.com/p/top3llmsope)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://beehiiv-images-production.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/asset/file/f739d30a-90f3-4c02-9e23-f40e93f92c28/Frame_143.png?t=1693246280)](https://www.turingpost.com/p/top3llmsope)

</div>

Exploring the Development of the 3 Leading Open LLMs and Their Chatbot
Derivatives

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Chatbots Are Not the Future of
Interfaces](https://wattenberger.com/thoughts/boo-chatbots)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside the secret list of websites that make AI like ChatGPT sound
smart](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/interactive/2023/ai-chatbot-learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/3RJWXEJIYVBRRCKTKMQYEARILU.jpg&w=1200)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/interactive/2023/ai-chatbot-learning)

</div>

An analysis of a chatbot data set by The Washington Post reveals the
proprietary, personal, and often offensive websites that go into an AI’s
training data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A New Chat Bot Is a ‘Code Red’ for Google’s Search Business (Published
2022)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/21/technology/ai-chatgpt-google-search.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2022/12/24/business/23google-killer-print1/00google-killer-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2022&h=682&w=1024&s=868f500e40d68eba6aa77726b21f11f3ad684d31d71c53d74481361fb7e8c0a1&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/12/21/technology/ai-chatgpt-google-search.html)

</div>

A new wave of chat bots like ChatGPT use artificial intelligence that
could reinvent or even replace the traditional internet search engine.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The speakeasy economy of
WeChat](https://www.theverge.com/23298078/wechat-china-economy-indiana-messaging-commerce-app)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/95aDCxUovQHjVVRnZ-b2RZ4LTrs=/0x0:2040x1360/1200x628/filters:focal(1020x680:1021x681)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23902769/VRG_Illo__226036_J_Hu.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/23298078/wechat-china-economy-indiana-messaging-commerce-app)

</div>

We chat, we buy, we sell.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generating Children's Stories Using GPT-3 and
DALL·E](https://www.surgehq.ai/blog/generating-childrens-stories-using-gpt-3-and-dall-e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/610770ea9c21ff57ccb6a6a9/62bd407763a71d00cb40cb19_CleanShot%202022-06-29%20at%2023.18.59%402x.jpg)](https://www.surgehq.ai/blog/generating-childrens-stories-using-gpt-3-and-dall-e)

</div>

We used GPT-3 and DALL·E to generate a children's storybook about Ash
and Pikachu vs. Team Rocket. Read the story and marvel at the
AI-generated visuals!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI Virtual Assistant Technology Guide
2022](https://dev.to/evgeniykrasnokutsky/ai-virtual-assistant-technology-guide-2022-3n3i)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F8auc5yhbd3ofsn3mlm9a.jpg)](https://dev.to/evgeniykrasnokutsky/ai-virtual-assistant-technology-guide-2022-3n3i)

</div>

They can help you get an appointment or order a pizza, find the best
ticket deals and bring your...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: The communications platform that puts data
protection first.](https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/35d09eea3f6d6f2bc5a3016e7373079f26547727d13b5c7c867634347a723749/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat)](https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat)

</div>

The communications platform that puts data protection first. -
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GPT-4 Will Have 100 Trillion Parameters — 500x the Size of GPT-3 \| by
Alber](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-4-will-have-100-trillion-parameters-500x-the-size-of-gpt-3-582b98d82253)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*PSxUk3lW6R325xnE)](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-4-will-have-100-trillion-parameters-500x-the-size-of-gpt-3-582b98d82253)

</div>

Are there any limits to large neural networks?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wu Dao 2.0: A Monster of 1.75 Trillion Parameters \| by Alberto Romero
\|
Med](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-3-scared-you-meet-wu-dao-2-0-a-monster-of-1-75-trillion-parameters-832cd83db484?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*BMnNj-LkuKhMm-f8)](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-3-scared-you-meet-wu-dao-2-0-a-monster-of-1-75-trillion-parameters-832cd83db484?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

BAAI conference presented Wu Dao 2.0. The most powerful AI to date.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Transformers, the machine learning model behind
GPT-3](https://thenextweb.com/news/understanding-transformers-the-machine-learning-model-behind-gpt-3-machine-learning-ai-syndication)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2021%2F05%2FAI-Transformers-abstract-hed.jpg&signature=dab3715e95a415da68eaecb9b4aebcc7)](https://thenextweb.com/news/understanding-transformers-the-machine-learning-model-behind-gpt-3-machine-learning-ai-syndication)

</div>

How this novel neural network architecture changes the way we analyze
complex data types, and powers revolutionary models like GPT-3 and BERT.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Language models like GPT-3 could herald a new type of search
engine](https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/05/14/1024918/language-models-gpt3-search-engine-google)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/files-1614223.jpg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/05/14/1024918/language-models-gpt3-search-engine-google)

</div>

The way we search online hasn’t changed in decades. A new idea from
Google researchers could make it more like talking to a human expert

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenAI’s text-generating system GPT-3 is now spewing out 4.5 billion
words](https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/29/22356180/openai-gpt-3-text-generation-words-day?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/9gWkb04WyvuyOWSpFdc3uW2QhPY=/0x0:2040x1360/1200x628/filters:focal(1020x680:1021x681)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/20790706/acastro_200730_1777_ai_0001.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/29/22356180/openai-gpt-3-text-generation-words-day?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4)

</div>

Text-generation is the next big thing in AI.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GPT-3: We’re at the very beginning of a new app
ecosystem](https://venturebeat.com/2021/02/27/gpt-3-were-at-the-very-beginning-of-a-new-app-ecosystem)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/gpt-3.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2021/02/27/gpt-3-were-at-the-very-beginning-of-a-new-app-ecosystem)

</div>

The NLP application ecosystem is in its earliest stages, and it's not
yet clear whether GPT-3 or a different model will be the foundation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GPT-3, transformers and the wild world of
NLP](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-3-transformers-and-the-wild-world-of-nlp-9993d8bb1314?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NdJ19yLbvv1NII7nEUJdeQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/gpt-3-transformers-and-the-wild-world-of-nlp-9993d8bb1314?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A review of 20+ deep learning NLP models and how to use them well

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI devs created a lean, mean, GPT-3-beating machine that uses 99.9%
fewer
p](https://thenextweb.com/neural/2020/09/21/ai-devs-created-a-lean-mean-gpt-3-beating-machine-that-uses-99-9-fewer-parameters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2017%2F07%2Frobots.jpg&signature=b11955d66bd7e3e547541908e602d0b2)](https://thenextweb.com/neural/2020/09/21/ai-devs-created-a-lean-mean-gpt-3-beating-machine-that-uses-99-9-fewer-parameters)

</div>

AI researchers from the Ludwig Maximilian University (LMU) of Munich
have developed a bite-sized text generator capable of besting OpenAI’s
state of the art GPT-3 using only a tiny fraction of its parameters.
GPT-3 is a monster of an AI sys

</div>

</div>
