<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# churn

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customer Attrition: How to Define Churn When Customers Do Not Tell
They’re](https://towardsdatascience.com/customer-attrition-how-to-define-churn-when-customers-do-not-tell-theyre-leaving-ddde83e24e8e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1078/1*vD9CGjg2yhJv5RAWbQ201g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/customer-attrition-how-to-define-churn-when-customers-do-not-tell-theyre-leaving-ddde83e24e8e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The author details two examples of defining customer churn in contexts
where it is not explicit: Retail and Banking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting 200% More Actionable Feedback from Customers that Cancel -
ExtendsLogic](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/why-people-cancel)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.extendslogic.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/cancel_comments-475x304.png)](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/why-people-cancel)

</div>

Getting useful cancellation feedback from customers is tough. The
problem is that once people have canceled, they’re no longer engaged and
will rarely spend the time to give you feedback. One of the best things
I’ve ever done to combat this with Bidsketch was to add a mandatory
freeform text field that says: Please help… Continue reading Getting
200% More Actionable Feedback from Customers that Cancel →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[22 Ways to Reduce SaaS Churn with Growth
Hacking](http://sixteenventures.com/growth-hacking-retention)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sixteenventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/reduce-churn-growth-hacking.png)](http://sixteenventures.com/growth-hacking-retention)

</div>

Ever wonder how to apply Growth Hacking thinking to reducing churn and
increasing retention? Here are 22 ways to make that happen.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Four Kinds of Churn - Predictable
Revenue](http://predictablerevenue.com/blog/four-kinds-of-sales-churn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://predictablerevenue.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/kareem4.png)](http://predictablerevenue.com/blog/four-kinds-of-sales-churn)

</div>

this is a guest post by Kareem Mayan. customer retention was a recent
topic in our predictable \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hire a Top Performer Every Time with These Interview
Questions](http://firstround.com/review/hire-a-top-performer-every-time-with-these-interview-questions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fdbobkfv6qso7h2aywwj1_150401_0035gravitas.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/hire-a-top-performer-every-time-with-these-interview-questions)

</div>

Koru CEO Kristen Hamilton helps hundreds of people hire and get hired
every year. These are the traits she knows translate into excellent
performance on the job.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top Two Reasons for Churn - For
Entrepreneurs](http://www.forentrepreneurs.com/top-two-reasons-for-churn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.forentrepreneurs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/marc-sendra-martorell-357239-e1513261960495.jpg)](http://www.forentrepreneurs.com/top-two-reasons-for-churn)

</div>

In working with a number of SaaS portfolio companies, I have found that
there are two causes of churn that occur more frequently than any
others. They are: Failure to successfully onboard the customer Loss of
the champion who drove the purchase Looking at these in order: Failure
to successfully onboard It’s easy to understand \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using cohort analysis to improve
retention](https://blog.intercom.com/retention-cohorts-and-visualisations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.intercomassets.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Intercom_CRV_ImageCrop_R1.jpeg)](https://blog.intercom.com/retention-cohorts-and-visualisations)

</div>

It’s no good acquiring customers for \$10, if they only stick around for
a month or two. Your retention can be visualized much easier by doing a
cohort analysis, a technique widely used in medicine. Here's some tips
top get started.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Packaging Inserts: Types and How To Create Yours (2024) -
Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/blog/18989252-5-ways-to-use-packaging-inserts-to-increase-customer-loyalty-and-revenue)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0070/7032/articles/Packing_Inserts_Are_A_Customer_Loyalty_Trick.jpg?v=1727453024)](https://www.shopify.com/blog/18989252-5-ways-to-use-packaging-inserts-to-increase-customer-loyalty-and-revenue)

</div>

Increase customer loyalty and take advantage of an additional
opportunity to connect with customers by using packaging inserts. Here's
why and how to use them in every package you send out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.datascience.com/blog/what-is-a-churn-analysis-and-why-is-it-valuable-for-business>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Past Behavior Does Not Determine Future Purchases \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2015/10/24/past-behavior-does-not-determine-future-purchases?ncid=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/shoppingbags.jpg?resize=1200,797)](https://techcrunch.com/2015/10/24/past-behavior-does-not-determine-future-purchases?ncid=rss)

</div>

Ever wonder why after buying shoes online (or any other consumer goods),
for the next few weeks or months, you can be sure to spot ads or
promotions for those same shoes on nearly every website you visit?
What’s more, you'll see which shoes your Facebook friends bought, which
shoes their friends bought and which shoes “others like you” bought. You
already bought shoes, so why are you still being bombarded with ads for
them?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Two Flavors Of Churn You Need To Know - Crunchbase
News](https://news.crunchbase.com/news/the-two-flavors-of-churn-you-need-to-know)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://news.crunchbase.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/Robinhood_.jpg)](https://news.crunchbase.com/news/the-two-flavors-of-churn-you-need-to-know)

</div>

Net dollar churn is a more value-driven way of looking at churn.

</div>

</div>
