<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# circuits-electronics

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Estimating FM Bandwidth: Solved
Examples](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/estimating-fm-bandwidth-solved-examples/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/estimating-fm-wave-bandwidth-illustrated-examples-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/estimating-fm-bandwidth-solved-examples/)

</div>

In this article, we'll illustrate the usefulness of Carson's rule for
bandwidth estimation by working through a series of example problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exploring the Relationship Between FM Wave Bandwidth and the Modulation
Index](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/exploring-the-relationship-between-fm-wave-bandwidth-and-the-modulation-index/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/exploring-the-relationship-between-fm-wave-bandwidth-and-the-modulation-index-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/exploring-the-relationship-between-fm-wave-bandwidth-and-the-modulation-index/)

</div>

In this article, we'll investigate how varying the amplitude and
frequency of the modulating tone impacts the bandwidth of FM signals.
We'll also compare the modulation index in AM and FM schemes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Three Methods for Estimating the Transmission Bandwidth of FM
Signals](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/three-methods-for-estimating-the-transmission-bandwidth-of-fm-signals/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/exploring-the-transmission-bandwidth-of-fm-signals-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/three-methods-for-estimating-the-transmission-bandwidth-of-fm-signals/)

</div>

Along with introducing Carson's rule for bandwidth estimation, this
article explains how to calculate the required transmission bandwidth
based on either the sidebands or the total power of the signal.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Wideband FM
Signals](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-wideband-fm-signals/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/introduction-to-wideband-fm-signals-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-wideband-fm-signals/)

</div>

Learn how Bessel functions and the modulation index can help us
understand the bandwidth of wideband frequency-modulated (FM) signals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why 50 Ohms Became the RF
Standard](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/why-50-ohms-became-the-rf-standard)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fe9384c18-ca1e-4323-b9d7-1b24368fe4b9_1456x1048.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/why-50-ohms-became-the-rf-standard)

</div>

The history, physics, and practical trade-offs behind a number every RF
engineer knows.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is a Servo Motor and How it Works \|
Jameco](https://www.jameco.com/Jameco/workshop/Howitworks/how-servo-motors-work.html)

</div>

What is a servo motor? How does a servo motor work? Get the right
answers to these and more questions related to servo motors at our
Jameco Electronics blog.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complex Haptics Deliver a Pinch, a Stretch, or a
Tap](https://spectrum.ieee.org/haptic-feedback)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.rbl.ms/59764549/origin.jpg)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/haptic-feedback)

</div>

Electromagnetism takes touch feedback beyond simple vibrations

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Which Discontinuities are Small Enough to
Ignore?](https://www.signalintegrityjournal.com/articles/2548-which-discontinuities-are-small-enough-to-ignore)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.signalintegrityjournal.com/ext/resources/2022/04/01/Art1_Fig1rev.jpg?t=1648848499&width=696)](https://www.signalintegrityjournal.com/articles/2548-which-discontinuities-are-small-enough-to-ignore)

</div>

Understanding and minimizing discontinuities is increasingly important
as serial links become both shorter and faster. Applying the old edge
rate to roundtrip relationship to the modern era, Donald Telian in this
article offers a rule-of-thumb to help gauge which interconnect
structures, and hence discontinuities, to care about – and to what
degree.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Century-Scale Storage -
Longreads](https://longreads.com/2024/12/31/century-scale-storage/)

</div>

This deeply researched and thoughtful read by Maxwell Neely-Cohen, a
fellow at the Library Innovation Lab at Harvard Law School, explores the
past, present, and future of long-term data storage. “If you want to
store something for 100 years, what are the best methods for ensuring
its survival?” he asks. Neely-Cohen’s sweeping examination of storage
\[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to the Class F Power Amplifier - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-class-f-power-amplifier/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/introduction-to-the-class-f-amplifier-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-class-f-power-amplifier/)

</div>

This article explores the basic principles of Class F operation and
introduces the third-harmonic-peaking Class F amplifier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Century-Scale
Storage](https://lil.law.harvard.edu/century-scale-storage/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lil.law.harvard.edu/century-scale-storage/assets/preview.png)](https://lil.law.harvard.edu/century-scale-storage/)

</div>

If you had to store something for 100 years, how would you do it?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding How Electric Vehicles Convert Battery Power Into
Propulsion](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/how-evs-convert-battery-power-to-propulsion?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Ff350691e-3ac7-4d52-97cd-0eef3209ee47_1092x786.gif)](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/how-evs-convert-battery-power-to-propulsion?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

How IGBT and SiC based traction inverters use power from the lithium ion
battery pack to drive the motors using sinusoidal pulse width
modulation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Promise of Terahertz
Technology](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/the-promise-of-terahertz-technology?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F60ee87f2-fbe9-4169-a331-1377acf963bf_1456x1048.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/the-promise-of-terahertz-technology?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

THz radiations finds unique applications in astronomy, medicine and
communications, but not without its own distinct challenges.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is Inductance and How Does It Apply to Ground Bounce? - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-is-inductance-how-apply-ground-bounce/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/magnetic_field_wire_featured.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-is-inductance-how-apply-ground-bounce/)

</div>

Why you should care about even small amounts of inductance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Short Introduction to Automotive Lidar
Technology](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/short-intro-to-automotive-lidar?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fc68959f4-8bfc-412e-ae61-9027a0d864ad_1456x1048.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/short-intro-to-automotive-lidar?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios)

</div>

A guide to the operating principles, techniques and technology in lidar
systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Transferring LTspice Schematics to QSPICE - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/transferring-ltspice-schematics-to-qspice/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Keim_10_27_2024_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/transferring-ltspice-schematics-to-qspice/)

</div>

In this article, we'll walk through the process of moving an LTspice
circuit into QSPICE and learn some QSPICE schematic techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unraveling the Design Equations of the Class E Power Amplifier -
Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/unraveling-the-design-equations-of-the-class-e-power-amplifier)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/class-e-amplifiers-unraveling-design-equations-and-their-underlying-assumptions-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/unraveling-the-design-equations-of-the-class-e-power-amplifier)

</div>

In this article, we analyze the operation of the Class E amplifier and
examine the underlying assumptions of its design equations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PAM4: Pulse Amplitude Modulation
Explained](https://semiengineering.com/pam4-pulse-amplitude-modulation-explained)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Screenshot-2024-09-24-at-10.51.43%E2%80%AFAM.png?fit=1760%2C1316&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/pam4-pulse-amplitude-modulation-explained)

</div>

An in-depth look at the high-speed data communication standard's
benefits and tradeoffs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Brief History of RF Switch
Technology](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/a-brief-history-of-rf-switch-technology?r=oc5d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F3d886e57-735a-4eb7-ba9e-e5fa038332e0_1456x1048.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/viksnewsletter/p/a-brief-history-of-rf-switch-technology?r=oc5d)

</div>

From PIN diodes, RF MEMS, MESFETs, and HEMTs to RF silicon-on-insulator
technology, how the evolution of a circuit as simple as a switch is much
more complex than it seems like on the surface.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Switching-Mode Power Amplifiers: Class D
Operation](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-switching-mode-power-amplifiers-class-d-operation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/introduction-the-switching-mode-power-amplifiers-and-the-class-d-operation-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-switching-mode-power-amplifiers-class-d-operation)

</div>

In this article, we'll learn the basics of switching-mode RF amplifiers
in general and Class D amplifiers in particular.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to QSPICE for LTspice Users, Part 1 - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-qspice-for-ltspice-users-part-1/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Keim_10_16_2024_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-qspice-for-ltspice-users-part-1/)

</div>

This article, the first in a four-part series on moving from LTspice to
QSPICE, introduces an LED blinker circuit that we’ll simulate with both
programs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Good and Bad of Grounded Copper Pour: The EMC
Perspective](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/the-good-and-bad-of-grounded-copper-pour-the-emc-perspective)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/DENPAFLUX_IA_-_Grounded_Copper_Pour_THUMB.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/the-good-and-bad-of-grounded-copper-pour-the-emc-perspective)

</div>

In PCB design, using grounded copper pour can be a double-edged sword.
Learn how to make smart design decisions on balancing copper layers,
preventing dead copper issues, and enhancing PCB performance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Radios, how do they
work?](https://open.substack.com/pub/lcamtuf/p/radios-how-do-they-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fe941fc1d-74d6-4765-bce5-0d95b7145975_1800x1016.jpeg)](https://open.substack.com/pub/lcamtuf/p/radios-how-do-they-work)

</div>

A brief introduction to antennas, superheterodyne receivers, and signal
modulation schemes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to MOSFET Switching
Losses](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-mosfet-switching-losses)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Keim_4_24_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-mosfet-switching-losses)

</div>

This article will help you optimize your switch-mode regulator and
driver circuits by explaining important sources of MOSFET power
dissipation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What’s the Difference Between RS-232 and
RS-485?](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/whats-the-difference-between-rs-232-and-rs-485)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Keim_4_10_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/whats-the-difference-between-rs-232-and-rs-485)

</div>

Though both standards have long been used for serial communication,
RS-485 offers valuable features that aren't available from RS-232. Learn
more in this article.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to the Full-Bridge Rectifier - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-full-bridge-rectifier)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Keim_3_31_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-full-bridge-rectifier)

</div>

The full-wave bridge rectifier converts an AC input voltage to a DC
power supply voltage. Learn about the operation of this essential
circuit.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The quiet plan to make the internet feel
faster](https://www.theverge.com/23655762/l4s-internet-apple-comcast-latency-speed-bandwidth)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/OV6DgjtIZgh5HmgrjqUUrAw7jbM=/0x0:2040x1360/1200x628/filters:focal(1020x680:1021x681)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25139984/236836_Infrastructure_L4S_BROADBAND_SISIKIM_LEDE.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/23655762/l4s-internet-apple-comcast-latency-speed-bandwidth)

</div>

L4S could fix a problem that even gigabit connections don’t.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Operational Amplifier (Op Amp): Its Circuit, Types and
Applications](https://partstack.com/blog/what-is-opamp-types-and-applications)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://partstack.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Op-amp-1.png)](https://partstack.com/blog/what-is-opamp-types-and-applications)

</div>

Learn what is an Op Amp(Operational Amplifier): Understanding circuits,
types, & the Best operational amplifier choices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to the MOSFET Common-Source
Amplifier](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-mosfet-common-source-amplifier)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Nick_2_21_2024_Thumbnail_final.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-the-mosfet-common-source-amplifier)

</div>

In this article, we cover the basic behavior of the MOSFET common-source
amplifier with different types of load.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ethernet For Hackers: The Very Basics \|
Hackaday](https://hackaday.com/2024/02/12/ethernet-for-hackers-the-very-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hackaday.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ethernet_cable_featured.png)](https://hackaday.com/2024/02/12/ethernet-for-hackers-the-very-basics)

</div>

Ethernet is ubiquitous, fast, and simple. You only need two diffpairs
(four wires) to establish a 100Mbit link, the hardware is everywhere,
you can do Ethernet over long distances easily, and tons …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding the Guanella Transmission Line
Balun](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-the-guanella-transmission-line-transformer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Guanella-800x400.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-the-guanella-transmission-line-transformer)

</div>

Learn how bifilar coils can be used to build Gustav Guanella’s classic
RF balun.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Gerber Layers for PCBs and
Stencils](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/understanding-gerber-layers-for-pcbs-and-stencils)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/NextPCB-2-800x400.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/understanding-gerber-layers-for-pcbs-and-stencils)

</div>

Gerber layers don’t have to be a mystery. Knowing the names and purposes
of each Gerber layer used in PCB manufacturing can improve your designs
and ease communication with the board house.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to the Class B Power
Amplifier](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-class-b-power-amplifiers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_1_12_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-class-b-power-amplifiers)

</div>

How does a Class B power amplifier work? What makes it more efficient
than a Class A power amplifier? Learn the answers in this article.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Demystifying the Skin Effect: Insights into AC Current
Distribution](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/learn-about-the-physics-behind-the-skin-effect-phenomenon)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Copper-wire-and-cable-bundles.jpeg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/learn-about-the-physics-behind-the-skin-effect-phenomenon)

</div>

This article will demonstrate that the AC current density decreases
exponentially into a conductor. It will also explain why we can assume
that the total current has a uniform distribution from the surface down
to one skin depth of the conductor.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lossy Transmission Lines: Introduction to the Skin
Effect](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/lossy-transmission-lines-introduction-to-the-skin-effect)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/RF-PCB-Smith-Chart.jpeg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/lossy-transmission-lines-introduction-to-the-skin-effect)

</div>

This article introduces high-frequency conductor losses in transmission
lines caused by a phenomenon known as the skin effect.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Speed matters: How Ethernet went from 3Mbps to 100Gbps… and
beyond](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/06/speed-matters-how-ethernet-went-from-3mbps-to-100gbps-and-beyond)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/broadband-ethernet-cables.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/06/speed-matters-how-ethernet-went-from-3mbps-to-100gbps-and-beyond)

</div>

One of the biggest computing inventions of all time, courtesy of Xerox
PARC.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Haptic System Creates Finger-Touch Sensations
Hardware-Free​](https://spectrum.ieee.org/finger-haptics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/a-series-of-four-images-showing-a-user-wearing-a-vr-headset-grasping-different-real-and-virtual-objects.png?id=33514983&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=544%2C0%2C545%2C0)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/finger-haptics)

</div>

Feel the real world and the virtual world at the same time

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Brief Introduction to Slot
Antennas](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-brief-introduction-to-slot-antennas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Introuction_to_Slot_Antennas_Single_Image_Redraw.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-brief-introduction-to-slot-antennas)

</div>

Learn about slot antennas, namely their history, characteristics, and
electromagnetic (EM) behavior for low-voltage, small-form-factor
electronic devices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The basics of decoupling
capacitors](https://open.substack.com/pub/lcamtuf/p/the-basics-of-decoupling-capacitors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fec140c0a-1bc3-4896-a878-ba41588ffbf3_1600x1068.jpeg)](https://open.substack.com/pub/lcamtuf/p/the-basics-of-decoupling-capacitors)

</div>

How to stabilize digital supply voltages - and why most of the online
advice on this topic is suspect.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://octopart.com/blog/archives/2023/03/what-are-the-different-types-of-fets>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn by Example—Using an Impedance Smith
Chart](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/learn-to-use-the-impedance-smith-chart-through-examples)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/smith_chart_impedance_with_examples_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/learn-to-use-the-impedance-smith-chart-through-examples)

</div>

Learn how a series RLC circuit with arbitrary component values can be
represented as a point on the Smith chart and how an impedance contour
on the Smith chart can be used to describe the circuit's frequency
response.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Most failed disk drives fail just before they hit 3 years’ use, says
data
r](https://blocksandfiles.com/2023/03/16/failed-disk-drives-fail-after-just-under-3-years-in-use-says-data-recovery-biz)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blocksandfiles.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/HDD-teaser-2.jpg)](https://blocksandfiles.com/2023/03/16/failed-disk-drives-fail-after-just-under-3-years-in-use-says-data-recovery-biz)

</div>

Secure Data Recovery found that average failed hard drive spun for
25,233 hours before failing. That’s 1,051 days, or two years and ten
months. Failed drive data recovery biz Secure Data Recovery has produced
a report giving its experience of hard disk drive life expectancy from
2,007 damaged and defective drives it has received for \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How many Cell Sites and Base Stations
Worldwide?](https://blog.3g4g.co.uk/2023/03/how-many-cell-sites-and-base-stations.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiI6ukWBgHxlb7aPjvH8ljbOoJ5dzaAX6N76gW0xNYR6Y8SJAsyDFx-8Bu8ST8Lj18fYce3xWKT-GukXNwTRusIwY2op-Dlo_aVbmNsQoMG_gJBA6cFVlwHj1FgrX6unKZ_2wlKcghPxmoHUK4J9NtX7DA8rrUfuDsr86z3fVaA9rWztp8veY5zmYH1/w640-h360/NumberOfCellSitesAndBaseStations_Q1_2022_LightReading.jpg)](https://blog.3g4g.co.uk/2023/03/how-many-cell-sites-and-base-stations.html)

</div>

I wrote a blog post on this topic nearly three years back on the
Operator Watch Blog here . That post is very handy as every few months
some...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Asynchronously Parallel Optimization Method For Sizing Analog
Transistors
U](https://semiengineering.com/asynchronously-parallel-optimization-method-for-sizing-analog-transistors-using-deep-neural-network-learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/AdobeStock_309524207-scaled.jpeg)](https://semiengineering.com/asynchronously-parallel-optimization-method-for-sizing-analog-transistors-using-deep-neural-network-learning)

</div>

A new technical paper titled “APOSTLE: Asynchronously Parallel
Optimization for Sizing Analog Transistors Using DNN Learning” was
published by researchers at UT Austin and Analog Devices. Abstract
“Analog circuit sizing is a high-cost process in terms of the manual
effort invested and the computation time spent. With rapidly developing
technology and high market demand, bringing... » read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Share Files With a Fist Bump: Wi-R Confines Signal to a User’s
Body](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/share-files-with-fist-bump-wi-r-confines-signal-to-users-body)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Wi-R_cover.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/share-files-with-fist-bump-wi-r-confines-signal-to-users-body)

</div>

The latest wireless protocol ditches radiation and focuses on a new
medium: your body.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mismatch Loss and Mismatch Uncertainty in RF
Systems](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/mismatch-loss-and-mismatch-uncertainty-in-rf-systems)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/mismatch_loss_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/mismatch-loss-and-mismatch-uncertainty-in-rf-systems)

</div>

Learn more about RF wave reflection parameters, namely mismatch loss and
mismatch uncertainty.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improve Signal Integrity by Reducing PCB Trace Impedance
Variation](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/improve-signal-integrity-by-reducing-pcb-trace-impedance-variation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Autodesk_4_Figure_5_thumbnail.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/improve-signal-integrity-by-reducing-pcb-trace-impedance-variation)

</div>

Achieving better signal integrity in a PCB design can be a challenge.
Learn how PCB trace impedance variation plays a role, and how advanced
tools can help smooth the way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RF Design Basics: VSWR, Return Loss, and Mismatch
Loss](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/radio-frequency-design-basics-voltage-standing-wave-ratio-return-loss-and-mismatch-loss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/tranform_line_vrsw_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/radio-frequency-design-basics-voltage-standing-wave-ratio-return-loss-and-mismatch-loss)

</div>

Learn about voltage standing wave ratio (VSWR), return loss, and
mismatch loss, which helps characterize the wave reflections in a radio
frequency (RF) design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Researchers Tap Origami as Basis for Reconfigurable Antenna
Design](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/researchers-tap-origami-as-basis-for-reconfigurable-antenna-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Darshil_Origami_Microwave_THUMB.jpeg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/researchers-tap-origami-as-basis-for-reconfigurable-antenna-design)

</div>

Aimed at improving sensing and imaging systems, Princeton University
researchers have developed a reconfigurable antenna based on origami.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Investigating Lossless Transmission Line Phase Constant and Infinite
Bandwi](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/investigating-lossless-transmission-line-phase-constant-and-infinite-bandwidth)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/investigating_lossless_transmission_lines_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/investigating-lossless-transmission-line-phase-constant-and-infinite-bandwidth)

</div>

Learn how to derive the wave equations for a lossless transmission line
and look at its infinite bandwidth and phase constant.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My Articles on AAC (Page
I)](https://forum.allaboutcircuits.com/ubs/my-articles-on-aac-page-i.1135)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/images/site/og_default.png)](https://forum.allaboutcircuits.com/ubs/my-articles-on-aac-page-i.1135)

</div>

The following is a list of my articles on various topics. Besides
technical articles, news pieces that might have useful technical
information are also included. You can find my articles on FPGA...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Inner Beauty of Basic
Electronics](https://spectrum.ieee.org/open-circuits)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/a-photo-of-a-cutaway-of-a-wire.png?id=32839883&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C200%2C0%2C434)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/open-circuits)

</div>

Open Circuits: The Inner Beauty of Electronics is a visual feast for
those who love electronics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RF Design Basics—Introduction to Transmission
Lines](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/basic-concepts-in-rf-design-introduction-to-transmission-lines)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/rf_design_basics_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/basic-concepts-in-rf-design-introduction-to-transmission-lines)

</div>

Learn about voltage waves and how they relate to an important basic
concept of radio frequency (RF) circuit design: transmission lines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Researchers Develop Transistor-free Compute-in-Memory
Architecture](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/researchers-develop-transistor-free-compute-in-memory-architecture)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Transistor-free_CIM.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/researchers-develop-transistor-free-compute-in-memory-architecture)

</div>

Using new materials, UPenn researchers recently demonstrated how analog
compute-in-memory circuits can provide a programmable solution for AI
computing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Videos — Engineering Media](https://engineeringmedia.com/videos)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5b2d76525cfd790c4a218093/t/5e6bbc27ede584624b45e301/1584118845014/Screen+Shot+2020-03-13+at+10.00.47+AM.png?format=1500w)](https://engineeringmedia.com/videos)

</div>

Here is a growing list of videos that I’ve created for YouTube channels
other than my own.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Time is It? A Timing Market Primer and
Overview](https://www.fabricatedknowledge.com/p/timing-market-primer-and-overview)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fe2970cbe-890b-441f-a5ad-84a707a02406_1012x666.png)](https://www.fabricatedknowledge.com/p/timing-market-primer-and-overview)

</div>

How do we keep track of time? A deeper look into Quartz timers and the
emerging field of MEMS

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Memory Design Optimizes System
Performance](https://semiengineering.com/how-memory-design-optimizes-system-performance)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Fig01_Rambus.png)](https://semiengineering.com/how-memory-design-optimizes-system-performance)

</div>

Changes are steady in the memory hierarchy, but how and where that
memory is accessed is having a big impact.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://pcpartpicker.com/trends/](https://pcpartpicker.com/trends)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using the Arrhenius Equation to Predict Electronic Component
Aging](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/using-the-arrhenius-equation-to-predict-aging-of-electronic-components)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/featured-image-using-the-arrhenius-equation-to-predict-electronic-components-aging.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/using-the-arrhenius-equation-to-predict-aging-of-electronic-components)

</div>

Learn about calculating the activation energy of the aging process and
some of the contradictory opinions about the Arrhenius equation's
usefulness when predicting a crystal's aging process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Perspective \| Electronics are built with death dates. Let’s not keep
them a
secret.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2022/08/02/why-gadgets-die)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/H4NQ5H3X6FFONL3CJHBWX7JS7A.jpg&w=1440)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2022/08/02/why-gadgets-die)

</div>

Our analysis of 14 popular consumer devices found most could stop
working in 3 to 4 years because of irreplaceable batteries. Here’s how
we get the tech industry to design products that last longer — and do
less damage to the environment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Microstrip Antenna
Design](https://semiengineering.com/microstrip-antenna-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/cropped-multi-AdobeStock_183702819-1-2-21-original-copy-1024x551.jpg)](https://semiengineering.com/microstrip-antenna-design)

</div>

This e-book explores microstrip antenna design, highlighting the
single-element rectangular microstrip antenna and antenna arrays
constructed from single microstrip elements.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Antenna Basics - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/an-introduction-to-antenna-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Hughes_antenna_featured_copy_2.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/an-introduction-to-antenna-basics)

</div>

Antennas are used to transmit and receive electromagnetic energy. This
article covers basic antenna theory.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to MEMS Vibratory
Gyroscopes](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-mems-gyroscopes-vibratory-gyroscope)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/featured-image-introduction-to-mems-vibratory-gyroscopes.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-mems-gyroscopes-vibratory-gyroscope)

</div>

Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) vibratory gyroscopes can be a bit
mysterious and math-intensive. Let's break the math down, and go over
gyroscope basics and structures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Technology](http://www.erckert-ibe.de/all/trainings/technology.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fixing a Tiny Corner of the Supply Chain « bunnie's
blog](https://www.bunniestudios.com/blog?p=6274)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Interrupts for Peripherals: Timers, Serial Communication, and ADCs -
Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/GPIO-interrupts-for-peripherals-timers-serial-communication-ADC)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/microcontroller_gpio_peripherals_featured.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/GPIO-interrupts-for-peripherals-timers-serial-communication-ADC)

</div>

Learn about interrupts for some familiar peripherals: timers, serial
communication, and ADCs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Butterworth Filter Poles and Zeros - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-butterworth-filter-pole-locations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/understanding_butterworth_filter_pole_locations_RK_AAC_image4.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-butterworth-filter-pole-locations)

</div>

This article explores the Butterworth low-pass filter, also known as the
maximally flat filter, from the perspective of its pole-zero diagram.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Antenna Basics: Radiation Patterns, Permittivity, Directivity, and
Gain - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/antenna-basics-field-radiation-patterns-permittivity-directivity-gain)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Hughes_antenna2_featured.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/antenna-basics-field-radiation-patterns-permittivity-directivity-gain)

</div>

Antennas allow information to be transferred to distant locations. In
the second part of this Antenna Basics series, you will learn more about
the physics of how antennas work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Pass-Transistor Logic - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-pass-transistor-logic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techart_FPGA_thumb.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-pass-transistor-logic)

</div>

This article explores an alternative, and in some cases advantageous,
approach to MOSFET-based implementation of digital logic functions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding and Modeling Piezoelectric Sensors - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-and-modeling-piezoelectric-sensors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techart_piezomodel_thumb.JPG)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-and-modeling-piezoelectric-sensors)

</div>

This article explains some theory behind piezoelectric sensors and
presents an equivalent circuit that you can use when you’re designing
sensor systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Soft Magnets Promise To Make Electric Motors 3 Times
Lighter](https://insideevs-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/insideevs.com/news/365482/soft-magnets-lighter-electric-motors/amp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.motor1.com/images/mgl/kPpEn/s1/soft-magnets-promise-to-make-3-times-lighter-electric-motors.jpg)](https://insideevs-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/insideevs.com/news/365482/soft-magnets-lighter-electric-motors/amp)

</div>

Researchers from the Carnegie Mellon University have developed soft
magnetic materials that promise to make electric motors up to four times
lighter.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Verilog Shift Registers - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-verilog-shift-registers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Understanding_Verilog_Shift_Registers_featured1.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-verilog-shift-registers)

</div>

This article will discuss how to implement a shift register in Verilog.
The register described can be synthesized and downloaded to an FPGA for
test in actual hardware.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gallium Arsenide: Another Player in Semiconductor Technology -
News](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/gallium-arsenide-another-player-in-semiconductor-technology)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/GaAs_cover_image.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/gallium-arsenide-another-player-in-semiconductor-technology)

</div>

This article looks at gallium arsenide, comparing it to other
semiconductor materials, and explores how different compounds are used
in components.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Simulate a Phase-Locked Loop - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-to-simulate-a-phase-locked-loop)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techarticle_HSPLL_thumb.JPG)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-to-simulate-a-phase-locked-loop)

</div>

This article presents an LTspice circuit that can be used to explore the
behavior of a phase-locked loop.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Magnetoresistance in Magnetic Field Sensors: Applications for TMR
Sensors -
News](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/magnetic-field-sensors-tunnel-applications-magnetoresistance-TMR-sensors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/TDK_TMR_sensor_featured1.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/magnetic-field-sensors-tunnel-applications-magnetoresistance-TMR-sensors)

</div>

What are TMR sensors and what applications are they best suited to? This
article provides a snapshot of this sensor type and what TMR-based
components are available for designers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Beam-Steering Antenna for 5G Mobile
Phones](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/wireless/a-beam-steering-antenna-for-real-world-mobile-phones)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/prototype-of-mobile-device-with-the-proposed-phased-array-antennas.jpg?id=25585001&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C155%2C0%2C155)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/wireless/a-beam-steering-antenna-for-real-world-mobile-phones)

</div>

For the first time, a beam-steering antenna is integrated into the metal
casing of a mobile phone

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a Ground Plane Reduces PCB Noise - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-a-ground-plane-reduces-pcb-noise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Analog_Devices_two-layer_board_bottom_layer_ground_plane_featured.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-a-ground-plane-reduces-pcb-noise)

</div>

How does a ground plane reduce noise in a PCB? Learn more in this
technical article.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Camera sensor size: Why does it matter and exactly how big are
they?](http://newatlas.com/camera-sensor-size-guide/26684)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.newatlas.com/dims4/default/e5a5fdd/2147483647/strip/true/crop/2000x1050+0+67/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewatlas-brightspot.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farchive%2Fcamera-sensor-size-22.jpg)](http://newatlas.com/camera-sensor-size-guide/26684)

</div>

The megapixel myth has treated camera manufacturers well over the years,
those ever increasing, and often meaningless, numbers have sold millions
of cameras. But consumers are getting wise to it. We've all seen dodgy
images from high megapixel cameras and know that after a point,
megapixels don't matter for most people – a 16 MP compact isn't ever
going to be as good as a 12 MP Full Frame DSLR. What does matter is
sensor size!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[FET vs. BJT vs. IGBT: What’s the Right Choice for Your Power Stage
Design? - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/fet-vs-bjt-vs-igbt-whats-the-right-choice-for-your-power-stage-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Mays_power_semiconductors_featured1.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/fet-vs-bjt-vs-igbt-whats-the-right-choice-for-your-power-stage-design)

</div>

This article will help the reader understand the different types of
power semiconductors: how they work, their key parameters, and
trade-offs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Universal Logic Gates - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/universal-logic-gates)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Logic_Gates.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/universal-logic-gates)

</div>

NAND and NOR gates are widely known to be universal logic gates, meaning
that any other logic gate be made from NAND or NOR gates. This article
discusses other universal logic gates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Asynchronous Design: Is It Time
Yet?](http://semiengineering.com/asynchronous-design-is-it-time-yet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Delay_Overheads.png)](http://semiengineering.com/asynchronous-design-is-it-time-yet)

</div>

Asynchronous Design: Is it time yet? Why exactly did Intel scrap its
asynchronous chip, and what's changed since then?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding the Internet of Things
Protocols](https://www.slideshare.net/RealTimeInnovations/io-34485340)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.slidesharecdn.com/ss_thumbnails/iotdevcongrnformat2014v5-140509100934-phpapp02-thumbnail.jpg?width=640&height=640&fit=bounds)](https://www.slideshare.net/RealTimeInnovations/io-34485340)

</div>

Understanding the Internet of Things Protocols - Download as a PDF or
view online for free

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[List of interface bit
rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_device_bit_rates)

</div>

This is a list of interface bit rates, is a measure of information
transfer rates, or digital bandwidth capacity, at which digital
interfaces in a computer or network can communicate over various kinds
of buses and channels. The distinction can be arbitrary between a
computer bus, often closer in space, and larger telecommunications
networks. Many device interfaces or protocols (e.g., SATA, USB, SAS,
PCIe) are used both inside many-device boxes, such as a PC, and
one-device-boxes, such as a hard drive enclosure. Accordingly, this page
lists both the internal ribbon and external communications cable
standards together in one sortable table.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Infrastructure and Automotive - Divested Products - Silicon
Labs](http://www.silabs.com/whitepapers/clock-tree-101-timing-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.silabs.com/content/dam/siliconlabs/images/products/divested-products-banner.png)](http://www.silabs.com/whitepapers/clock-tree-101-timing-basics)

</div>

Silicon Labs' Infrastructure and Automotive business is now owned by
Skyworks. This includes timing, power, isolation, broadcast, and
automotive products.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Electrical Symbols for Electronic Components: Passive Components -
Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/schematic-symbols-electronic-components-passives-resistors-capacitors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techart_symbols_thumb.JPG)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/schematic-symbols-electronic-components-passives-resistors-capacitors)

</div>

This two-article series provides an overview of circuit symbols, along
with some information on the components that they represent.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Issues In Designing 5G Beamforming
Antennas](https://semiengineering.com/5g-beamforming-antennas-create-design-test-problems)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i1.wp.com/semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Screen-Shot-2019-02-06-at-4.51.01-PM.png?fit=565%2C436&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/5g-beamforming-antennas-create-design-test-problems)

</div>

5G Beamforming Antennas Create Design, Test Problems Assuring quality
under changing conditions with shifting standards and use models is a
major challenge.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Exactly Is a Phase-Locked Loop, Anyways? - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-exactly-is-a-phase-locked-loop-anyways)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/RFT_ch4_pg3_thumb.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/what-exactly-is-a-phase-locked-loop-anyways)

</div>

This article introduces a phase-based feedback system that plays an
important role in many applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rc overview](http://vlsi.cornell.edu/~rajit/ps/rc_overview.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Antenna Array Design for
ADAS](https://semiengineering.com/antenna-array-design-for-adas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i1.wp.com/semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/NI_blog_mmWave_05.png?fit=708%2C533&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/antenna-array-design-for-adas)

</div>

Antenna Array Design for ADAS Creating automotive radar applications for
mmWave needs special tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PLL Frequency Multiplication: Transient Response and Frequency
Synthesis - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/pll-frequency-multiplication-transient-response-frequency-synthesis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techarticle_PLLFM2_thumb.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/pll-frequency-multiplication-transient-response-frequency-synthesis)

</div>

Does the addition of a feedback divider affect PLL transient response?
We’ll look at this question and other frequency-multiplication topics in
this article.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Antenna Design Grows
Up](http://semiengineering.com/antenna-design-grows-up)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Screen-Shot-2017-03-08-at-5.36.49-PM.png)](http://semiengineering.com/antenna-design-grows-up)

</div>

Antenna Design Grows Up Modern electronics relies heavily on antennas,
but companies still make mistakes. That's about to change.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How 10 leading companies are trying to make powerful, low-cost
lidar](https://arstechnica.com/cars/2019/02/the-ars-technica-guide-to-the-lidar-industry)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/lidar-car-road.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/cars/2019/02/the-ars-technica-guide-to-the-lidar-industry)

</div>

Lidar is essential for self-driving cars—here’s how some leading lidar
sensors work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[X7R, X5R, C0G…: A Concise Guide to Ceramic Capacitor Types - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/x7r-x5r-c0g...-a-concise-guide-to-ceramic-capacitor-types)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/TB_captypes_thumb.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/x7r-x5r-c0g...-a-concise-guide-to-ceramic-capacitor-types)

</div>

This technical brief attempts to dispel some of the fog surrounding the
three-character naming convention used to describe ceramic caps.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Vibration Energy Harvesting - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-vibration-energy-harvesting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/introduction_to_vibration_energy_harvesting_FO_AAC_image4.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-vibration-energy-harvesting)

</div>

Learn more about vibration energy harvesting as a source of power for
electronic systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Reduce Power Consumption with Clock Gating - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/use-of-clock-gating-to-reduce-power-consumption)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Xilinx-FPGAThumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/use-of-clock-gating-to-reduce-power-consumption)

</div>

This article will discuss the basic concepts of clock gating and how it
can be used to reduce the power consumption of synchronous digital
systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

['Unclonable' digital fingerprints boost IoT device
security](https://www.futurity.org/security-physically-unclonable-function-1993382)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.futurity.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/unclonable-IoT-security_1600.jpg)](https://www.futurity.org/security-physically-unclonable-function-1993382)

</div>

The new technology is 10 times as reliable as what's come before for
keeping internet-connected devices secure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Verilog to Describe a Sequential Circuit - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/using-verilog-to-describe-a-sequential-circuit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Thumbnail-m2272019.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/using-verilog-to-describe-a-sequential-circuit)

</div>

This article focuses on using Verilog to describe synchronous sequential
circuits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reference Designs \| Technical Blueprints \| Interactive Design Tools
\| Arrow.com](https://www.arrow.com/en/reference-designs)

</div>

Reference designs covering essential system elements for millions of
products are available at arrow.com. Search our extensive library today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding PLL Applications: Frequency Multiplication - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-pll-applications-frequency-multiplication)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/techarticle_PLLA-FM_thumb.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-pll-applications-frequency-multiplication)

</div>

This article explains how a PLL can be used to produce a high-frequency
clock from a low-frequency reference signal.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Whitepapers - Silicon
Labs](http://www.silabs.com/whitepapers/wireless-protocols)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.silabs.com/content/dam/siliconlabs/images/white-papers/low-power-wi-fi-for-industrial-iot-connectivity-poster.png)](http://www.silabs.com/whitepapers/wireless-protocols)

</div>

Review whitepapers written by our expert engineers to help you
understand new concepts or implement best practices in your product
design and development.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lemeire2016 microbenchmarks for gpu characteristics for
pdp2016](http://parallel.vub.ac.be/~jan/papers/Lemeire2016_Microbenchmarks_for_GPU_characteristics_forPDP2016.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use a Nyquist Plot for AC Analysis - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-to-use-a-nyquist-plot-for-ac-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Understanding_Nyquist_Plots_Featured_Image.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/how-to-use-a-nyquist-plot-for-ac-analysis)

</div>

This article introduces the Nyquist plot and explains how to interpret
this alternative method of visually evaluating a system’s frequency
response.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Overview and Types of Capacitors in ASIC Design -
AnySilicon](https://anysilicon.com/overview-and-types-of-capacitors-in-asic-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anysilicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Depositphotos_99225156_l-2015_small.jpg)](https://anysilicon.com/overview-and-types-of-capacitors-in-asic-design)

</div>

Learn more on the various capacitors in ASIC design that can improve
your chip performance and recude it's cost.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image sensors make a good smartphone camera \[infographic\] -
IntoMobile](http://www.intomobile.com/2013/11/08/image-sensors-make-good-smartphone-camera-infographic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.intomobile.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/SamsungCMOS_head.jpg)](http://www.intomobile.com/2013/11/08/image-sensors-make-good-smartphone-camera-infographic)

</div>

Today, smartphones have made it easier than ever to capture beautiful
images and videos. But what makes a good smartphone camera? It’s
actually the image sensor. This piece of technology may be small, but it
has a big impact on whatever your Instagram selfie is blurry or your
Vine video is pixelated. You can see… Read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Camera Optics & Smartphone Camera Trends, A Presentation
by Brian
Klug](http://www.anandtech.com/show/6777/understanding-camera-optics-smartphone-camera-trends/3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/6777/HTC%20One_Silver_3V_Camera.jpg)](http://www.anandtech.com/show/6777/understanding-camera-optics-smartphone-camera-trends/3)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Half adder circuit ,theory and working. Truth table , schematic
realization](http://www.circuitstoday.com/half-adder)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.circuitstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/half-adder-truth-table-schematic-realization.png)](http://www.circuitstoday.com/half-adder)

</div>

Theory and working of a half adder circuit. Realization using XOR//AND
gate. Realization of half adder using NOR and NAND logic. Truth table
and schematic representation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[IoT Standards & Protocols Guide \| 2019 Comparisons on Network,
Wireless Comms, Security,
Industrial](https://www.postscapes.com/internet-of-things-protocols)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.postscapes.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/kssW5BHPp2eianScS5cOOqCN8HtlmptPofViHfPMa3nUZ17vyr8IMgWaNnbdh8vML8I3xlQdIQytMgrl5XK84907H4HB4g.jpeg)](https://www.postscapes.com/internet-of-things-protocols)

</div>

Overviews of protocols involved in Internet of Things devices and
applications. Help clarify with IoT layer technology stack graphics and
head-to-head comparisons.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Antenna Theory Website](http://www.antenna-theory.com)

</div>

An intuitive tutorial of antennas and antenna theory. This website is
designed to present a comprehensive overview of antennas, from design,
to measurement and theory. Unnecessarily complicated math is avoided
throughout.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Free PCB Design Software \| CircuitMaker](https://circuitmaker.com)

</div>

CircuitMaker is the best free PCB design software by Altium for Open
Source Hardware Designers, Hackers, Makers, Students and Hobbyists.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[List of sensors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sensors)

</div>

This is a list of sensors sorted by sensor type.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Opposites Attract: A Review of Basic Magnetic Theories - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-review-of-basic-magnetic-theories)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/a_review_on_basic_magnetic_theories.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-review-of-basic-magnetic-theories)

</div>

Electric machineries are based on the basic principles of
electromechanical conversion, which use either the electrostatic or the
electromagnetic principle. This technical article deals with the
magnetic circuit theory for the conversion of one form of energy to
another.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic Inductor Design - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/basic-inductor-design-constraints)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/inductor_design_constraints.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/basic-inductor-design-constraints)

</div>

Inductor design characteristics are defined in terms of various
parameters. Inductor winding is made of a conductor material which may
be a single round wire or a unique multi-stranded conductor known as
Litz wire. Litz wire has the main advantage of reduced skin effect.
Inductor design characteristics are defined in terms of various
parameters which are discussed in this technical article.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Role of Millimeter Waves in Ever-Expanding Wireless Applications -
News](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/the-role-of-millimeter-waves-in-ever-expanding-wireless-applications)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Imec_low-power_60GHz_40nm_chip_with_a_4-antenna_array.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/the-role-of-millimeter-waves-in-ever-expanding-wireless-applications)

</div>

Millimeter wave frequencies have the potential to provide a solution to
the growing demand for bandwidth and high-speed communication needs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Describing Combinational Circuits in Verilog - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/describing-combinational-circuits-in-verilog)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/verilog_part_2_AAC.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/describing-combinational-circuits-in-verilog)

</div>

This article introduces the techniques for describing combinational
circuits in Verilog by examining how to use the conditional operator to
describe combinational truth tables.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding and Addressing 5 Key Power Supply Issues - Industry
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/understanding-and-addressing-5-key-power-supply-issues)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/CUI_thumbnail.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/understanding-and-addressing-5-key-power-supply-issues)

</div>

This article will take a deeper look at five key power supply problems,
how to know when they arise, and the best ways to address or mitigate
them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Circuit Synthesis for Analog Computing \| SIGPLAN
Blog](https://blog.sigplan.org/2021/05/18/circuit-synthesis-for-analog-computing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.sigplan.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/shutterstock_1913080369-scaled.jpg)](https://blog.sigplan.org/2021/05/18/circuit-synthesis-for-analog-computing)

</div>

Modern analog computers offer unique programming challenges which make
them challenging compilation targets. How do we automatically program an
analog computer to implement a computation?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A brief history of router
architecture](https://blog.apnic.net/2021/03/12/a-brief-history-of-router-architecture)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.apnic.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/router-history-FT.jpg)](https://blog.apnic.net/2021/03/12/a-brief-history-of-router-architecture)

</div>

Here's what we've learnt about networks and the routers that
interconnect them in the last 50 years.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tutorial Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Optical
Networking](https://www.nanog.org/news-stories/nanog-tv/top-talks/tutorial-everything-you-always-wanted-know-about-optical-networking)

</div>

NANOG is the professional association for Internet engineering,
architecture and operations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optical Antennas Promise ‘Unlimited’ Data
Capacity](https://www.eetimes.com/optical-antennas-promise-unlimited-data-capacity)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.eetimes.com/wp-content/uploads/oam-lasers-1360px.jpg?fit=1360%2C765)](https://www.eetimes.com/optical-antennas-promise-unlimited-data-capacity)

</div>

The breakthrough is taking full advantage of the orbital angular
momentum properties of a coherent light source, thus enabling
multiplexing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intro to Fiber-Optic Communication
Systems](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/transmitter-and-receiver-circuits-for-fiber-optic-communication-systems)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/simple_receiver_transmitter_block_diagram_featured_fix.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/transmitter-and-receiver-circuits-for-fiber-optic-communication-systems)

</div>

Learn some basic, foundational info about fiber optic communication
systems in this primer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to
Phototransistors](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-phototransistors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/intro_to_phototransistors_featured.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-phototransistors)

</div>

In this series of articles, we’ll explore higher-output-current
alternatives to photodiodes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[WireViz: Tool for documenting cables, wiring harnesses and connector
pinout](https://github.com/formatc1702/WireViz)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/008d0249c9752f11e8915d725cd2833d733a6c1fe2fc74e197e3be0564b91cec/wireviz/WireViz)](https://github.com/formatc1702/WireViz)

</div>

Easily document cables and wiring harnesses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intel NUC 9
Extreme](https://hothardware.com/reviews/intel-nuc-9-extreme-ghost-canyon-review)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.hothardware.com/contentimages/article/2961/content/small_intel-nuc-9-extreme-hero.jpg)](https://hothardware.com/reviews/intel-nuc-9-extreme-ghost-canyon-review)

</div>

The Intel NUC 9 Extreme, code named Ghost Canyon, is the company's most
powerful, expandable small form factor gaming PC yet.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build a Raspberry Pi NAS — The MagPi
magazine](https://magpi.raspberrypi.org/articles/build-a-raspberry-pi-nas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/2lpsze4g694w/2TAbWtusZcIU3wG0XbaowD/025bbc4e67d1816e8322afaeaff95c24/main-web.jpg?w=800)](https://magpi.raspberrypi.org/articles/build-a-raspberry-pi-nas)

</div>

Got a lot of digital stuff? Make it available anywhere in your home with
your own Raspberry Pi network-attached storage

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quantum computing for the very curious](https://quantum.country/qcvc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://quantum.country/assets/social.png)](https://quantum.country/qcvc)

</div>

Presented in an experimental mnemonic medium which makes it almost
effortless to remember what you read

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Preferred Networks: A 500 W Custom PCIe Card using 3000 mm2
Silicon](https://www.anandtech.com/show/15177/preferred-networks-a-500-w-custom-pcie-card-using-3000-mm2-silicon)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/15177/fds_678x452.jpg)](https://www.anandtech.com/show/15177/preferred-networks-a-500-w-custom-pcie-card-using-3000-mm2-silicon)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Electromagnetic Challenges In High-Speed
Designs](https://semiengineering.com/electromagnetic-challenges-in-high-speed-designs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i1.wp.com/semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Screen-Shot-2019-11-25-at-8.18.30-AM.png?fit=844%2C446&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/electromagnetic-challenges-in-high-speed-designs)

</div>

Runaway complexity is making it more difficult and critical to deal with
signal integrity in a system context.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[We’d have more quantum computers if it weren’t so hard to find the damn
cables](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/612760/quantum-computers-component-shortage)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/dsc8957web-12.jpg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/612760/quantum-computers-component-shortage)

</div>

Quantum machines will deliver the next great leap forward in computing,
but researchers building them can’t easily get some of the exotic
components they need.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Nyquist Plots for Second-Order Filters - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-nyquist-plots-for-second-order-filters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/nyquist_plots_fig01.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-nyquist-plots-for-second-order-filters)

</div>

This article continues a series on Nyquist diagrams by explaining
Nyquist curves that represent the transfer function of a two-pole
filter.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[After 36 years as a commercial product, the powerful Micro-Cap circuit
simulator is now
free](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/cg5q3l/after_36_years_as_a_commercial_product_the)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.redd.it/o0h58lzmax6a1.png)](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronics/comments/cg5q3l/after_36_years_as_a_commercial_product_the)

</div>

119 votes, 27 comments. 1.2M subscribers in the electronics community.
Discussion and news about component-level electronic circuits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mouser Electronics \| Mouser Search API Access
Request](http://www.mouser.com/apihome)

</div>

Mouser has solutions to increase productivity, reduce manual data entry
and optimize time generating POs with our Electronic Order Automation
Services.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://developers.arrow.com/api/](http://developers.arrow.com/api)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[API Solutions \|
DigiKey](https://www.digikey.com/en/resources/api-solutions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digikey.com/-/media/Images/Header/DigiKey_rgb_600x600.png?la=en-US&ts=88c6251c-ba44-4c88-ac2d-d52e8cc4af42)](https://www.digikey.com/en/resources/api-solutions)

</div>

DigiKey offers a complete set of APIs to share information and automate
the ordering process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to
Supercapacitors](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-supercapacitors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Intro_to_Supercapacitors_featured1.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-supercapacitors)

</div>

Get a primer on the basics of supercapacitors, their functionality, and
which applications they're best for.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started with the Verilog Hardware Description Language -
Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/getting-started-with-the-verilog-hardware-description-language)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/verilog_getting_started.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/getting-started-with-the-verilog-hardware-description-language)

</div>

In this article, we’ll study the basic structure of a Verilog module,
look at some examples of using the Verilog “wire” data type and its
vector form, and briefly touch on some differences between VHDL and
Verilog.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Rules For Correlating Rule-based And Field Solver Parasitic
Extraction](https://semiengineering.com/five-rules-for-correlating-rule-based-and-field-solver-parasitic-extraction-results)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Fig1_Fieldsolver-PEX.jpg?fit=1307%2C748&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/five-rules-for-correlating-rule-based-and-field-solver-parasitic-extraction-results)

</div>

Accurately determine parasitic effects with the proper set up of two
different methods.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Does It Take to Keep a Classic Mainframe
Alive?](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/tech-history/space-age/what-does-it-take-to-keep-a-classic-mainframe-alive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/the-vintage-ibm-1401-at-the-computer-history-museum.jpg?id=25587012&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C155%2C0%2C155)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/tech-history/space-age/what-does-it-take-to-keep-a-classic-mainframe-alive)

</div>

Follow the saga of the Computer History Museum's IBM 1401

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Clock Domain Crossing: Double
Flopping](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-clock-domain-crossing-double-flopping)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/double_flopping_featured.png)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/introduction-to-clock-domain-crossing-double-flopping)

</div>

This article will discuss a well-known technique called “double
flopping” to transfer a single-bit control signal between two clock
domains.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A satellite engineer explains the challenges of space
electronics](http://blog.snapeda.com/2018/08/16/engineer-spotlight-brady-salz-from-astranis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.snapeda.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Brady-Salz-Astranis-Space-Electronics.png)](http://blog.snapeda.com/2018/08/16/engineer-spotlight-brady-salz-from-astranis)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Smart Tags
RFID](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/wireless/smart-tags-add-touch-controls-to-ordinary-objects)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Magdy Abadir](https://semiengineering.com/author/magdy-abadir)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/f81c0fa7bf75499918da67a6bd317248?s=500&d=mm&r=g)](https://semiengineering.com/author/magdy-abadir)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Electronic Parts by Category -
Octopart](https://octopart.com/electronic-parts#search/requestData&q=NO%20MATCH)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparing Low Power Wireless Technologies (Part 3) \|
DigiKey](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/dec/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies-part-3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digikey.com/-/media/Images/Article%20Library/TechZone%20Articles/2017/December/Comparing%20Low%20Power%20Wireless%20Technologies%20Part%203/article-2017december-comparing-low-power-part-3-fig1.jpg?ts=8ce79fec-ed18-4ad4-8372-dc89dfcb0c93&la=en-US)](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/dec/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies-part-3)

</div>

Low power wireless technologies are adapting to the Internet of Things
by including IP connectivity and mesh networking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparing Low Power Wireless Technologies (Part 2) \|
DigiKey](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/dec/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies-part-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digikey.com/-/media/Images/Article%20Library/TechZone%20Articles/2017/December/Comparing%20Low%20Power%20Wireless%20Technologies%20Part%202/article-2017december-comparing-low-power-fig1.jpg?ts=df365cc6-2084-4d46-ba7e-a357098db622&la=en-US)](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/dec/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies-part-2)

</div>

Each of the many short-range wireless technologies has unique benefits,
requiring careful attention to product complexity, power consumption,
and cost.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparing Low-Power Wireless Technologies (Part 1) \|
DigiKey](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/oct/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digikey.com/-/media/Images/Article%20Library/TechZone%20Articles/2017/October/Comparing%20Low-Power%20Wireless%20Technologies/article-2017october-comparing-low-power-fig1.jpg?ts=6a78f78c-d8ca-4d72-982b-82e637fe9a9f&h=367&w=300&la=en-US)](https://www.digikey.com/en/articles/techzone/2017/oct/comparing-low-power-wireless-technologies)

</div>

The multitude of short-range wireless technologies provides engineers
with optimized solutions for their applications, but makes careful
selection paramount.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Beginning of the End for
Copper](https://potsandpansbyccg.com/2017/11/20/the-beginning-of-the-end-for-copper)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://potsandpansbyccg.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/copper-cable.jpg?w=300)](https://potsandpansbyccg.com/2017/11/20/the-beginning-of-the-end-for-copper)

</div>

The FCC voted last Thursday to relax the rules for retiring copper
wiring. This change was specifically aimed at Verizon and AT&T and is
going to make it a lot easier for them to tear down old …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[www.electronicproducts.com/Reference_Design_Directory.aspx](http://www.electronicproducts.com/Reference_Design_Directory.aspx)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reference Design Library \| DigiKey
Electronics](https://www.digikey.com/reference-designs/en)

</div>

Easily search references designs and schematics based on circuit
performance in DigiKey’s Reference Design Library. New designs added
weekly.

</div>

</div>
