<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# controversy

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 strategies for removing negative content from the
web](https://searchengineland.com/strategies-remove-negative-wecontent-436461)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/01/9-strategies-for-removing-negative-content-from-the-web-800x450.png)](https://searchengineland.com/strategies-remove-negative-wecontent-436461)

</div>

Here are ways to remove webpages and online posts harmful to your brand
– from privacy claims and copyright notices to legal measures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Can Platforms Deal with Toxic Content? Look to Wall
Street](https://www.rand.org/blog/2023/05/how-can-platforms-deal-with-toxic-content-look-to-wall.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wwwassets.rand.org/content/rand/pubs/commentary/2023/05/how-can-platforms-deal-with-toxic-content-look-to-wall/jcr:content/par/teaser.crop.1200x900.cm.jpeg/1711559469498.jpeg)](https://www.rand.org/blog/2023/05/how-can-platforms-deal-with-toxic-content-look-to-wall.html)

</div>

Social media has a content problem. It's not the content itself,
although the list of toxic material is long. The problem is the sheer
volume of content. Instead of trusting in self-regulation, the United
States could use its regulation of Wall Street after 2008 as a roadmap
for regulating tech.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Science of Controversial
Content](http://unbounce.com/content-marketing/creating-controversial-content)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://unbounce.com/photos/Controversial-Content.jpg)](http://unbounce.com/content-marketing/creating-controversial-content)

</div>

Let’s step away from the “hoo rah” surrounding content marketing, and
discuss some legitimate strategies for creating popular, controversial
content.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Don’t Poke the Bear: Creating Content for Sensitive
Situations](https://alistapart.com/article/dont-poke-the-bear-creating-content-for-sensitive-situations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/alistapart.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ALA377_pokingbear_300.png?fit=1200%2C601&ssl=1)](https://alistapart.com/article/dont-poke-the-bear-creating-content-for-sensitive-situations)

</div>

Delivering bad news is hard, but it’s part of life and business. We
notify customers when we’re out of a product they want to buy, and we
send warnings when people violate our companies’ terms of s…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sort By
Controversial](https://slatestarcodex.com/2018/10/30/sort-by-controversial)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://slatestarcodex.com/wp-content/themes/two_column_pujugama/images/codex_spotlight.png)](https://slatestarcodex.com/2018/10/30/sort-by-controversial)

</div>

\[Epistemic status: fiction\] Thanks for letting me put my story on your
blog. Mainstream media is crap and no one would have believed me anyway.
This starts in September 2017. I was working for a sm…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What You Can't Say](http://paulgraham.com/say.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TIL when Rockstar first released Grand Theft Auto, they actually paid
reviewers to negatively review the game in order to keep it
controversial, and therefore popular. They targeted right wing news
papers to ensure moral outrage and drive the game to
success.](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/cjhsnt/til_when_rockstar_first_released_grand_theft_auto)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.redd.it/o0h58lzmax6a1.png)](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/cjhsnt/til_when_rockstar_first_released_grand_theft_auto)

</div>

117K votes, 4.1K comments. 38M subscribers in the todayilearned
community. You learn something new every day; what did you learn today?
Submit…

</div>

</div>
