<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# crypto

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RNG, PRNG,
CSPRNG](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2024/10/16/rng-prng-csprng/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/twittercard.png)](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2024/10/16/rng-prng-csprng/)

</div>

A pseudorandom number generator may have good statistical properties but
be insecure. But a physical RNG with good statistical properties is
probably secure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Post-Quantum Cryptography
Algorithms](https://anysilicon.com/an-introduction-to-post-quantum-cryptography-algorithms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anysilicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Depositphotos_371451720_L-chip-ss.png)](https://anysilicon.com/an-introduction-to-post-quantum-cryptography-algorithms)

</div>

By Christos Kasparis, EnSilica EETimes (May 15, 2024)   The rise of
quanum computing paints a significant challenge for the cryptography we
rely on today. The modern encryption standards we currently use to
safeguard sensitive data and communications, such as DSA, public key RSA
and those based on elliptic curves, will eventually be broken by

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Addressing Quantum Computing Threats With SRAM
PUFs](https://semiengineering.com/addressing-quantum-computing-threats-with-sram-pufs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Synopsys_Quantum-Computing-Threats-SRAM-PUFs-fig1.webp?fit=1024%2C595&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/addressing-quantum-computing-threats-with-sram-pufs)

</div>

The impact of quantum algorithms on different cryptographic techniques
and what can be done about it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Post-Quantum Cryptography
Algorithms](https://www.eetimes.com/an-introduction-to-post-quantum-cryptography-algorithms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.eetimes.com/wp-content/uploads/AdobeStock_713837315-e1715364609900.jpeg)](https://www.eetimes.com/an-introduction-to-post-quantum-cryptography-algorithms)

</div>

Current encryption methods will likely be broken by 2030. Embedded
systems in development now will have a reasonable chance of encountering
attacks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building Blocks: A Comprehensive Overview of Blockchain
Fundamentals](https://dev.to/up_min_sparcs/building-blocks-a-comprehensive-overview-of-blockchain-fundamentals-4e37)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fxhkvyk75wc3us0qgrayu.jpg)](https://dev.to/up_min_sparcs/building-blocks-a-comprehensive-overview-of-blockchain-fundamentals-4e37)

</div>

This article is co-authored by @gracieabot\_ Is it a revolution or
merely hype? In a world where...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Finite field Diffie Hellman
primes](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2023/09/15/ffdhe)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/twittercard.png)](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2023/09/15/ffdhe)

</div>

The primes used for Diffie-Hellman key exchange must be chosen carefully
to avoid security flaws. This post looks at recommended primes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Consensus Protocols: Explaining Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Stake, and
Other
Al](https://dev.to/scofieldidehen/consensus-protocols-explaining-proof-of-work-proof-of-stake-and-other-algorithms-for-validation-2n84)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fenfi3jazm6wxhvxmaptw.jpg)](https://dev.to/scofieldidehen/consensus-protocols-explaining-proof-of-work-proof-of-stake-and-other-algorithms-for-validation-2n84)

</div>

In the realm of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies, the concept
of consensus plays a pivotal...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wtf is a kdf? \|
blog.dataparty](https://blog.dataparty.xyz/blog/wtf-is-a-kdf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.dataparty.xyz/images/kdf-images/prison-flames.jpg)](https://blog.dataparty.xyz/blog/wtf-is-a-kdf)

</div>

Earlier this week a letter from an activist imprisoned in France was
posted to the internet. Contained within Ivan Alococo’s dispatch from
the Villepinte prison

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Original King of Crypto Is
Back](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/arthur-hayes-bitmex-crypto-interview.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pyxis.nymag.com/v1/imgs/3a8/213/d8e42c546ec297e8a2f40e8c8e4a618913-AH-HRwide.1x.rsocial.w1200.jpg)](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/arthur-hayes-bitmex-crypto-interview.html)

</div>

Arthur Hayes rubbed success in the Feds’ face and got busted. Now he’s
returning to a shell-shocked industry.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Most criminal cryptocurrency is funneled through just 5
exchanges](https://www.wired.com/story/cryptocurrency-money-laundering-chainalysis-report)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/63d2a2e5de734741c2ad3ceb/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/crypto_laundering_GettyImages-1349088550.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/cryptocurrency-money-laundering-chainalysis-report)

</div>

The crypto money-laundering market is tighter than at any time in the
past decade, and the few big players are moving a “shocking” amount of
currency.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The computer scientist who hunts for costly bugs in crypto
code](https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/01/02/1064795/certik-ronghui-gu-crypto-computer-science?fbclid=IwAR0NjtjbKpyCTo9Ck6JuXI9Hn3QF7j7nNtHWWIgHfH5UM9c3FgwlLweNYm4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/JF23_DSC_8055_thumb.jpeg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/01/02/1064795/certik-ronghui-gu-crypto-computer-science?fbclid=IwAR0NjtjbKpyCTo9Ck6JuXI9Hn3QF7j7nNtHWWIgHfH5UM9c3FgwlLweNYm4)

</div>

Programming errors on the blockchain can mean \$100 million lost in the
blink of an eye. Ronghui Gu and his company CertiK are trying to help.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Breaking RSA with a Quantum Computer - Schneier on
Security](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2023/01/breaking-rsa-with-a-quantum-computer.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[All Learn - Decrypt](https://decrypt.co/learn/all)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.decrypt.co/wp-content/themes/decrypt-media/assets/images/courses/decrypt-u-og.png)](https://decrypt.co/learn/all)

</div>

The next-generation media outlet navigating the intersection of culture
and technology.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to exchange a secret key over an insecure network
(EC-Diffie-Hellman
al](https://dev.to/exemak/how-to-exchange-a-secret-key-over-an-insecure-network-ec-diffie-hellman-algorithm-1gj2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fq28if5j73s875sjgd2ga.png)](https://dev.to/exemak/how-to-exchange-a-secret-key-over-an-insecure-network-ec-diffie-hellman-algorithm-1gj2)

</div>

Let's say you want to send an encrypted message to your friend in order
to avoid it being intercepted...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Goodbye SHA-1: NIST Retires 27-Year-Old Widely Used Cryptographic
Algorithm](https://thehackernews.com/2022/12/goodbye-sha-1-nist-retires-27-year-old.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjS63RPyCCmqTsrKDunKx8BK738LSTdA-q7VMtWWRPGysA2yZCCr2TsVPMlypAxCojp0_QXknUdNILTBEY5fT2kEHjKc7ykQMn5QtGoOssb5gVT1hRvWPgCuGHr-8fNmMIgpkT6Y0SJiK3UNT_5SmYbhEmgcvHA36Tky3m0eCT2b6vAUhuer9LpWUey/s728-rw-e365/sha1.png)](https://thehackernews.com/2022/12/goodbye-sha-1-nist-retires-27-year-old.html)

</div>

NIST has formally retired the widely used 27-year-old SHA-1
cryptographic algorithm, bringing cryptographic security into the modern
age.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What are quantum-resistant algorithms—and why do we need
them?](https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/09/14/1059400/explainer-quantum-resistant-algorithms?fbclid=IwAR0t5g91_q-1IKmLMF7zLr3R0S32Sh3IDT38easQ-Za00KYQ2T8HVG0ErZo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/AP22195379509956-crop.jpeg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/09/14/1059400/explainer-quantum-resistant-algorithms?fbclid=IwAR0t5g91_q-1IKmLMF7zLr3R0S32Sh3IDT38easQ-Za00KYQ2T8HVG0ErZo)

</div>

When quantum computers become powerful enough, they could theoretically
crack the encryption algorithms that keep us safe. The race is on to
find new ones.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Do You Prove a
Secret?](https://www.quantamagazine.org/how-to-prove-you-know-a-secret-without-giving-it-away-20221011)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d2r55xnwy6nx47.cloudfront.net/uploads/2022/10/Zero-Knowledge-Proof_1200_Social.webp)](https://www.quantamagazine.org/how-to-prove-you-know-a-secret-without-giving-it-away-20221011)

</div>

Zero-knowledge proofs allow researchers to prove their knowledge without
divulging the knowledge itself.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[githublog/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md at main ·
francisrstokes/githublog](https://github.com/francisrstokes/githublog/blob/main/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bdbe09c3b9d7a4dbef5dd3712fe10e972d74c22b8706afe098b85e4141206dcb/francisrstokes/githublog)](https://github.com/francisrstokes/githublog/blob/main/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md)

</div>

I'm sick of complex blogging solutions, so markdown files in a git repo
it is - francisrstokes/githublog

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Voynich
Manuscript](https://beinecke.library.yale.edu/collections/highlights/voynich-manuscript)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://beinecke.library.yale.edu/sites/default/files/styles/opengraph_image/public/voynich_0.jpg?itok=sMo6fliC)](https://beinecke.library.yale.edu/collections/highlights/voynich-manuscript)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why trusted execution environments will be integral to proof-of-stake
block](https://venturebeat.com/2022/06/25/why-trusted-execution-environments-will-be-integral-to-proof-of-stake-blockchains)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/bitcoin-crypto-mining-log4j-vulnerability-microsoft-e1639850808529.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2022/06/25/why-trusted-execution-environments-will-be-integral-to-proof-of-stake-blockchains)

</div>

While the core philosophy of blockchains is trustlessness, trusted
execution environments can be integral to proof-of-stake blockchains.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker
News](https://torontolife.com/city/the-case-of-the-missing-46-million)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Coin That Could Wreck Crypto (Published
2022)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/06/17/technology/tether-stablecoin-cryptocurrency.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2022/06/14/business/14tether/14tether-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2022&h=683&w=1024&s=4f2a71c06dfa6a5560546870411a88a65a675ff38503e129aba80e6efa0e70cc&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/06/17/technology/tether-stablecoin-cryptocurrency.html)

</div>

As cryptocurrencies have plunged, attention has focused on a potential
point of vulnerability: the market’s reliance on a so-called stablecoin
called Tether.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby cryptographic
gems](https://dev.to/andrepiske/ruby-cryptographic-gems-1p5o)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fpj06fgcgj6i4ilnizdmt.jpg)](https://dev.to/andrepiske/ruby-cryptographic-gems-1p5o)

</div>

I'm not an expert in cryptography — I'm just a developer, and most
developers are in this same boat...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is the point of
crypto?](https://www.vox.com/the-goods/23071245/bitcoin-price-crypto-ethereum-nfts-defi-stablecoin)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.vox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23463283/GettyImages_1194405185.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C12.980409642713%2C100%2C74.039180714573&w=1200)](https://www.vox.com/the-goods/23071245/bitcoin-price-crypto-ethereum-nfts-defi-stablecoin)

</div>

Crypto is a solution in search of a problem — or problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Crypto is weathering a bitter storm. Some still hold on for dear
life.](https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/05/16/1052298/crypto-stablecoin-terra-crash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/crypto-winter-luna3a.jpeg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/05/16/1052298/crypto-stablecoin-terra-crash)

</div>

When a cryptocurrency’s value is theoretical, what happens if people
quit believing?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elliptic Curve Cryptography: A Basic
Introduction](https://blog.boot.dev/cryptography/elliptic-curve-cryptography)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.boot.dev/img/800/Elliptic-curve-blog-post-min.webp)](https://blog.boot.dev/cryptography/elliptic-curve-cryptography)

</div>

Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) is a modern public-key encryption
technique famous for being smaller, faster, and more efficient than
incumbents.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Bitcoin Tracers Took Down the Web’s Biggest Child Abuse
Site](https://www.wired.com/story/tracers-in-the-dark-welcome-to-video-crypto-anonymity-myth)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/624e318eedc71717de2dee32/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Crypto-Trap4.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/tracers-in-the-dark-welcome-to-video-crypto-anonymity-myth)

</div>

Welcome to Video’s customers thought their payments were untraceable.
They couldn’t have been more wrong. The untold story of the case that
shredded the myth of Bitcoin’s anonymity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seriously, stop using RSA \| Trail of Bits
Blog](https://blog.trailofbits.com/2019/07/08/fuck-rsa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.trailofbits.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/image13-1.png)](https://blog.trailofbits.com/2019/07/08/fuck-rsa)

</div>

Here at Trail of Bits we review a lot of code. From major open source
projects to exciting new proprietary software, we’ve seen it all. But
one common denominator in all of these systems is that fo…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Smart
Contracts](https://dev.to/djpysu/an-introduction-to-smart-contracts-4hhj)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fo5a6t1sutr98du1z2r49.jpg)](https://dev.to/djpysu/an-introduction-to-smart-contracts-4hhj)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The NFT Starter Pack: Tools for Anyone to Analyze
NFTs](https://a16z.com/2022/03/18/nft-starter-pack-analyze-data-metadata-build-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://api.a16zcrypto.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/generic.jpeg)](https://a16z.com/2022/03/18/nft-starter-pack-analyze-data-metadata-build-tools)

</div>

Code to help you pull NFT data directly from the source, transform it in
a way that’s more familiar, and analyze important NFT data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Twitter Wants to Reinvent Itself, by Merging the Old With the New
(Published
2022)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/03/02/technology/twitter-platform-rethink.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2022/02/24/business/24twitter/24twitter-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2022&h=683&w=1024&s=74f3dc8407839db895dfcf5d62851b76b18c450614489f824192247c369b93f0&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/03/02/technology/twitter-platform-rethink.html)

</div>

The company is undertaking a far-reaching effort to change how it works.
For some, it is an echo of their early idealism and a vision for what
the internet could have been.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Crypto Glossary of Terms And
Jargon](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/glossary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://coinmarketcap.com/academy/images/meta/alexandria-2.jpg)](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/glossary)

</div>

Learn all of the most important blockchain and cryptocurrency terms and
jargon here. We add new words and descriptions every week.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[\$3.6 billion bitcoin seizure shows how hard it is to launder
cryptocurrency](https://www.wired.com/story/bitcoin-seizure-record-doj-crypto-tracing-monero)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/620436c9d88b0a9fa5094b52/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Security-Crypto-Tracing-522019766.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/bitcoin-seizure-record-doj-crypto-tracing-monero)

</div>

A couple allegedly used a “laundry list” of technical measures to cover
their tracks. They didn’t work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Crypto’s Original Bubble Boy Rode Ethereum And Is Now Pulling The
Strings Of The DeFi
Boom](https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenehrlich/2022/02/08/how-cryptos-original-bubble-boy-rode-ethereum-and-is-now-pulling-the-strings-of-the-defi-boom?sh=21396b296ebe)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://imageio.forbes.com/specials-images/imageserve/6201bfde017d4606319e4535/0x0.jpg?format=jpg&crop=1919,1080,x0,y0,safe&height=900&width=1600&fit=bounds)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenehrlich/2022/02/08/how-cryptos-original-bubble-boy-rode-ethereum-and-is-now-pulling-the-strings-of-the-defi-boom?sh=21396b296ebe)

</div>

Now he’s pulling the strings, and raking in hundreds of millions, from a
blockchain rage called DeFi, which promotes the fantasy of democratized
financial services.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cryptocurrency Is a Giant Ponzi
Scheme](https://jacobinmag.com/2022/01/cryptocurrency-scam-blockchain-bitcoin-economy-decentralization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.jacobinmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/21103024/GettyImages-1233100876-1.jpg)](https://jacobinmag.com/2022/01/cryptocurrency-scam-blockchain-bitcoin-economy-decentralization)

</div>

Cryptocurrency is not merely a bad investment or speculative bubble.
It’s worse than that: it’s a full-on fraud.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is Ethereum? The
Basics](https://dev.to/grin2b/what-is-ethereum-the-basics-3jcd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fz4ywzc1iuwio9458cshr.jpg)](https://dev.to/grin2b/what-is-ethereum-the-basics-3jcd)

</div>

The Basics Ethereum is a network of computers which collectively form
the Ethereum Virtual...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenSea, the largest NFT marketplace](https://opensea.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.opensea.io/og-images/Metadata-Image.png)](https://opensea.io)

</div>

OpenSea is the world's first and largest web3 marketplace for NFTs and
crypto collectibles. Browse, create, buy, sell, and auction NFTs using
OpenSea today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://rubyweekly.com/link/102532/ad5e785e3b>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Moxie Marlinspike Blog My first impressions of
web3](https://moxie.org/2022/01/07/web3-first-impressions.html)

</div>

Despite considering myself a cryptographer, I have not found myself
particularly drawn to “crypto.” I don’t think I’ve ever actually said
the words “get off my lawn,” but I’m much more likely to click on
Pepperidge Farm Remembers flavored memes about how “crypto” used to mean
“cryptography” than ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Signal is playing with
fire](https://www.theverge.com/22872133/signal-cryptocurrency-payments-encryption-invite-regulator-scrutiny)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/WefUce6fg9kEQU8VJiIeLKKEntU=/0x0:5000x3334/1200x628/filters:focal(2500x1667:2501x1668)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23152618/1230608869.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/22872133/signal-cryptocurrency-payments-encryption-invite-regulator-scrutiny)

</div>

Signal employees are worried about anonymous crypto payments.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Classical Cryptography Will Survive Quantum
Computers](http://nautil.us/blog/how-classical-cryptography-will-survive-quantum-computers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.nautil.us/11763_d63036cfba56a5c3cb75ab14b33fe677.jpg?auto=compress&fm=pjpg&ixlib=php-3.3.1)](http://nautil.us/blog/how-classical-cryptography-will-survive-quantum-computers)

</div>

Quantum Lab: Scientists are fabricating quantum photonic
circuits—consisting of waveguides and other elements—to manipulate
single photons for future quantum communications and processing.Oak
Ridge National Laboratory / Flickr Nautilus Members enjoy an ad-free
experience. Log in or Join now . Justin Trudeau, the Canadian prime
minister, certainly raised the profile of quantum computing a few
notches \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Companies Linked to Russian Ransomware Hide in Plain
Sight](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/12/06/world/europe/ransomware-russia-bitcoin.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2021/12/02/world/00russia-crypto-01/merlin_198333042_152e09ee-ea0e-4834-a969-9c9708a28694-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2021&h=683&w=1024&s=d0cc3705a3e0f1d2eb5f8377c5675d1f963898ea57dc4834ae4a13bafb82e5e9&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/12/06/world/europe/ransomware-russia-bitcoin.html)

</div>

Cybersecurity experts tracing money paid by American businesses to
Russian ransomware gangs found it led to one of Moscow’s most
prestigious addresses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deconstructing that \$69million
NFT](https://blog.erratasec.com/2021/03/deconstructing-that-69million-nft.html?m=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgiz76iRC5UAkv0R-Asg4LcveX0SgAJs1nPc6XR9PQSYCBg6ZkvO4Q8dv5tvKAEox6j3UFQg_zfjAi2P0xhOaORqVVaf07KUBGSpJpntxBzDnw5ACuxm5iuw-ORUYd44J7iWZaF/)](https://blog.erratasec.com/2021/03/deconstructing-that-69million-nft.html?m=1)

</div>

"NFTs" have hit the mainstream news with the sale of an NFT based
digital artwork for \$69 million. I thought I'd write up an explainer.
Spec...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A beginner’s guide to how cryptocurrencies
work](https://www.popsci.com/technology/beginners-guide-to-cryptocurrency)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.popsci.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/15/brian-wangenheim-dpJMHumNc6E-unsplash-scaled.jpg)](https://www.popsci.com/technology/beginners-guide-to-cryptocurrency)

</div>

For those who are just wading into the crypto territory, here’s a basic
explainer on how the computer science behind these systems work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The disastrous voyage of Satoshi, the world’s first cryptocurrency
cruise
s](https://www.theguardian.com/news/2021/sep/07/disastrous-voyage-satoshi-cryptocurrency-cruise-ship-seassteading)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/f9a64a665016b5916e57cfc3c43ff4dada669f8e/0_261_2750_1649/master/2750.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctYWdlLTIwMjEucG5n&enable=upscale&s=399a6bc6c4cfa160381613314c3bab58)](https://www.theguardian.com/news/2021/sep/07/disastrous-voyage-satoshi-cryptocurrency-cruise-ship-seassteading)

</div>

The long read: Last year, three cryptocurrency enthusiasts bought a
cruise ship. They named it the Satoshi, and dreamed of starting a
floating libertarian utopia. It didn’t work out

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Motherboard Guide to
Steganography](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/m7e9n3/the-motherboard-guide-to-steganography)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.vice.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2021/06/1624983546643-18-futuresteg.jpeg)](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/m7e9n3/the-motherboard-guide-to-steganography)

</div>

A trip through the intentionally unseeable World of Hiding Data in
Imagery

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a quantum computer could break 2048-bit RSA encryption in 8 hours
\|
MIT](https://www.technologyreview.com/2019/05/30/65724/how-a-quantum-computer-could-break-2048-bit-rsa-encryption-in-8-hours#Echobox=1624661081)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/3918858279530f670b373o-10.jpg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2019/05/30/65724/how-a-quantum-computer-could-break-2048-bit-rsa-encryption-in-8-hours#Echobox=1624661081)

</div>

A new study shows that quantum technology will catch up with today’s
encryption standards much sooner than expected. That should worry
anybody who needs to store data securely for 25 years or so.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Zero Knowledge](https://www.notboring.co/p/zero-knowledge)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fd59d8318-7513-4cfb-a1da-2ebe3a9eb83a_1200x600.png)](https://www.notboring.co/p/zero-knowledge)

</div>

A Not Boring x Jill Carlson Collab on Moon Math, Privacy, and Hype

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Lazarus heist: How North Korea almost pulled off a billion-dollar
hack](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-57520169)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/branded_news/CFE1/production/_118971235_bbc_tlh_arta1-nc-1.png)](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-57520169)

</div>

In 2016 North Korean hackers planned a \$1bn raid on Bangladesh's
national bank and came within an inch of success. But how did they do
it?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elliptic Curve Cryptography
Explained](https://fangpenlin.com/posts/2019/10/07/elliptic-curve-cryptography-explained)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fangpenlin.com/images/2019-10-07-elliptic-curve-cryptography-explained/jupyter-notebook.png)](https://fangpenlin.com/posts/2019/10/07/elliptic-curve-cryptography-explained)

</div>

Fang-Pen Lin's blog about programming

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cryptoqueen: How this woman scammed the world, then vanished - BBC
News](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-50435014)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/branded_news/17996/production/_109826669_queen_promo-nc.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-50435014)

</div>

How did Ruja Ignatova make \$4bn selling her fake cryptocurrency to the
world - and where did she go?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Diffie-Hellman for the
Layman](https://borisreitman.medium.com/diffie-hellman-for-the-layman-7df6095011d9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:434/1*nrZTIotgJPjVP33hXy8u0A.png)](https://borisreitman.medium.com/diffie-hellman-for-the-layman-7df6095011d9)

</div>

Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman are researchers who invented a safe
method to communicate a password. Their 1976 paper opens with the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a 10-second video clip sold for \$6.6 million \|
Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/retail-trading-nfts/insight-how-a-10-second-video-clip-sold-for-6-6-million-idUKL8N2KV6X9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.reuters.com/resizer/v2/https%3A%2F%2Fcloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com%2Freuters%2F7VUWS4FZANPRTBHQ6I5LOGPXWE.jpg?auth=d06a394a37910924161a2c53dc55549a89b16df26e4e1e3e274b16a53d7c5a6e&height=1005&width=1920&quality=80&smart=true)](https://www.reuters.com/article/retail-trading-nfts/insight-how-a-10-second-video-clip-sold-for-6-6-million-idUKL8N2KV6X9)

</div>

In October 2020, Miami-based art collector Pablo Rodriguez-Fraile spent
almost \$67,000 on a 10-second video artwork that he could have watched
for free online. Last week, he sold it for \$6.6 million.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cybercriminal Joker's Cash Retires with Billions in
Bitcoin](https://www.elliptic.co/blog/jokers-stash-retiring)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.elliptic.co/hubfs/joker-stash-elliptic.png)](https://www.elliptic.co/blog/jokers-stash-retiring)

</div>

According to Elliptic’s analysis, the founder of one of the most popular
carding marketplaces, Joker’s Stash, has retired having amassed a
fortune of over \$1 billion.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A visual guide to SSH tunnels](https://robotmoon.com/ssh-tunnels)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The quest for quantum-proof encryption just made a leap
forward](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/08/03/1005891/search-for-quantum-proof-encryption-computing-nist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/quantum-aigoogle-10.jpg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/08/03/1005891/search-for-quantum-proof-encryption-computing-nist)

</div>

Quantum computers could make encryption a thing of the past, but 15
contenders are trying to prove they have what it takes to safeguard your
data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1. How Blockchain Works —
blockchain.mit.edu](http://blockchain.mit.edu/how-blockchain-works)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A strategist’s guide to
blockchain](https://www.strategy-business.com/article/A-Strategists-Guide-to-Blockchain)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.strategy-business.com/media/image/A-Strategists-Guide-to-Blockchain_thumb5_690x400.jpg)](https://www.strategy-business.com/article/A-Strategists-Guide-to-Blockchain)

</div>

The distributed ledger technology that started with bitcoin is rapidly
becoming a crowdsourced system for all types of verification. Could it
replace notary publics, manual vote recounts, and the way banks manage
transactions?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Blockchain Technology? A Step-by-Step Guide For
Beginners](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/what-is-blockchain-technology)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Blockchain 101 - Foundational
Math](https://eng.paxos.com/blockchain-101-foundational-math)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Electric Crypto Balkan Acid Test \| Alexander
Clapp](https://thebaffler.com/salvos/electric-crypto-balkan-acid-test-clapp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thebaffler.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/B52_Clapp_opener.jpg)](https://thebaffler.com/salvos/electric-crypto-balkan-acid-test-clapp)

</div>

After decades of conflict in North Kosovo, all it’s taken for Serb and
Albanian politicians to put aside their resentments is the
get-rich-quick prospect of cryptomining.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BCrypt Explained](https://dev.to/sylviapap/bcrypt-explained-4k5c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fux8l44ou9r3dhuf2opwc.png)](https://dev.to/sylviapap/bcrypt-explained-4k5c)

</div>

Intro If you're into Cryptography For Beginners, you're in the right
place. Maybe you're j...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The BLAKE3 cryptographic hash
function](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/1c02c98e0b5d06bd052a7b8c5648f7ca900d86365e116e43dca7b4ab3e695a51/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3)](https://github.com/BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3)

</div>

the official Rust and C implementations of the BLAKE3 cryptographic hash
function - BLAKE3-team/BLAKE3

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Graduate Course in Applied
Cryptography](https://crypto.stanford.edu/~dabo/cryptobook)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New Cryptography Method Promising Perfect Secrecy Is Met With
Skepticism](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/security/new-cryptography-method-promises-perfect-secrecy-amidst-skepticism)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/digital-key-with-light-shining.jpg?id=25590885&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C63%2C0%2C63)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/telecom/security/new-cryptography-method-promises-perfect-secrecy-amidst-skepticism)

</div>

An international team claims its perfect secrecy cryptography is made
unbreakable by physics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Explainer: What is post-quantum
cryptography?](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/613946/explainer-what-is-post-quantum-cryptography)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/quantumexplainer3.2-01-10.jpg?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/613946/explainer-what-is-post-quantum-cryptography)

</div>

The race is on to create new ways to protect data and communications
from the threat posed by super-powerful quantum computers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Green Beret’s Journey to Blockchain and
Crypto](https://a16z.com/2019/12/23/a-green-berets-journey-from-baghdad-to-bitcoin)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://api.a16zcrypto.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/A-Green-Berets-Journey-to-Blockchain-and-Crypto.png)](https://a16z.com/2019/12/23/a-green-berets-journey-from-baghdad-to-bitcoin)

</div>

Former U.S. Army Green Beret and a16z crypto deal partner, Alex Pruden
served in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, and Turkey. During this time, he
saw first-hand that underlying the Syrian refugee crisis, the rise of
radical extremism, and other global conflicts was a lack of trusted
institutions. As a result, in times of crisis, the basics... Read More

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Book: Blockchain Basics: A Non-Technical Introduction in 25 Steps -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/nnn?fbclid=IwAR2sW1ow784hh9SIjjs0_mAIXDs_lydATU5IsfSI6scDxyGfqBKu1HMfowA)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/2808355237.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/nnn?fbclid=IwAR2sW1ow784hh9SIjjs0_mAIXDs_lydATU5IsfSI6scDxyGfqBKu1HMfowA)

</div>

In 25 concise steps, you will learn the basics of blockchain technology.
No mathematical formulas, program code, or computer science jargon are
used. No previous knowledge in computer science, mathematics,
programming, or cryptography is required. Terminology is explained
through pictures, analogies, and metaphors. This book bridges the gap
that exists between purely technical books about… Read More »Book:
Blockchain Basics: A Non-Technical Introduction in 25 Steps

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[leah blogs: Ken Thompson's Unix
password](https://leahneukirchen.org/blog/archive/2019/10/ken-thompson-s-unix-password.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cryptocurrencies & Blockchain made effortless \|
LitePaper](https://litepaper.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/bnupww54zfpd/q8MCYWXBQLkobUHhZetCV/e174d761ae7fbd0aa20eb153219c79f6/social-avatar.png)](https://litepaper.com)

</div>

LitePaper transforms the complex world of crypto, bitcoin and web3 into
beautiful bundles of learning.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Definitive 2019 Guide to Cryptographic Key Sizes and Algorithm
Recommen](https://paragonie.com/blog/2019/03/definitive-2019-guide-cryptographic-key-sizes-and-algorithm-recommendations)

</div>

A simple, accessible recommendation for key sizes and recommended
algorithms for various cryptographic algorithms.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sharing secrets with
polynomials](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2019/02/28/secret-sharing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/twittercard.png)](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2019/02/28/secret-sharing)

</div>

How to use polynomials to share secrets, and how to verify that the
secret has been shared without unlocking it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Everything you should know about certificates and PKI but are too
afraid to ask](https://smallstep.com/blog/everything-pki.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms.step.plumbing/uploads/PKI_unfurl_d412910c22.png)](https://smallstep.com/blog/everything-pki.html)

</div>

Certificates and public key infrastructure (PKI) are hard. No shit,
right? I know a lot of smart people who''ve avoided this particular
rabbit hole. Eventually, I was forced to learn this stuff because of
what it enables: PKI lets you define a system cryptographically. It''s
universal and vendor-neutral yet poorly documented. This is the missing
manual.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Obtaining an Elliptic Curve certificate from Let's
Encrypt](https://dev.to/benjaminblack/obtaining-an-elliptic-curve-dsa-certificate-with-lets-encrypt-51bc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/benjaminblack/obtaining-an-elliptic-curve-dsa-certificate-with-lets-encrypt-51bc)

</div>

Let's Encrypt does not currently generate Elliptic Curve certificates.
Here's how to obtain one.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hiding Information in Plain
Text](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/computing/software/hiding-information-in-plain-text)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/someone-taking-a-photograph-of-text-on-a-computer.jpg?id=25585801&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C155%2C0%2C155)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/computing/software/hiding-information-in-plain-text)

</div>

Subtle changes to letter shapes can embed messages

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Crypto Canon](http://a16z.com/2018/02/10/crypto-readings-resources)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://api.a16zcrypto.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/a16z_crypto_Youtube_Cover_3.png)](http://a16z.com/2018/02/10/crypto-readings-resources)

</div>

Here’s a list of crypto readings and resources (2018-2019). It’s
organized from building blocks and basics; foundations (& history); and
key concepts — followed by specific topics such as governance; privacy
and security; scaling; consensus and governance; cryptoeconomics,
cryptoassets, and investing; fundraising and token distribution;
decentralized exchanges; stablecoins; and cryptoeconomic primitives and
crypto goods (non-fungible... Read More

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Imperfect Silicon, Near-Perfect
Security](https://semiengineering.com/imperfect-silicon-near-perfect-security)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/rambusD2C.png?fit=1131%2C658&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/imperfect-silicon-near-perfect-security)

</div>

Imperfect Silicon, Near-Perfect Security Physically unclonable functions
(PUF) seem tailor-made for IoT security.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Build Your Own Blockchain Part 3 — Writing Nodes that Mine and
Talk](https://bigishdata.com/2017/11/02/build-your-own-blockchain-part-3-writing-nodes-that-mine)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bigishdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/screen-shot-2017-11-01-at-9-14-48-pm.png?w=300)](https://bigishdata.com/2017/11/02/build-your-own-blockchain-part-3-writing-nodes-that-mine)

</div>

Hello all and welcome to Part 3 of building the JackBlockChain — JBC.
Quick past intro, in Part 1 I coded and went over the top level math and
requirements for a single node to mine its own b…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Mind-Bending Cryptographic Trick Promises to Take Blockchains
Mainstream](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/609448/a-mind-bending-cryptographic-trick-promises-to-take-blockchains-mainstream)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wp.technologyreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/zeroproof-7.png?resize=1200,600)](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/609448/a-mind-bending-cryptographic-trick-promises-to-take-blockchains-mainstream)

</div>

Cryptographers have researched zero-knowledge proofs for two decades,
but the technique is only just now poised to redefine the concept of
online privacy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How will crypto apps make money? \|
HackerNoon](https://hackernoon.com/how-will-crypto-apps-make-money-a1c5c5d01285)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hackernoon.imgix.net/hn-images/1*8P8yCklRM_Wu4qTbV7M9Yg.jpeg)](https://hackernoon.com/how-will-crypto-apps-make-money-a1c5c5d01285)

</div>

Last night I figured out what might kill crypto. And it’s not a black
swan event. History suggests it’s the natural end of the path we’re on
today.

</div>

</div>
