<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# css

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making a Masonry Layout That Works Today \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/making-a-masonry-layout-that-works-today/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/masonry.jpg)](https://css-tricks.com/making-a-masonry-layout-that-works-today/)

</div>

I went on to figure out how make masonry work today with other browsers.
I'm happy to report I've found a way — and, bonus! — that support can be
provided with only 66 lines of JavaScript.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scroll-Driven Sticky
Heading](https://css-tricks.com/scroll-driven-sticky-heading/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/scroll-driven-typewriter.webp)](https://css-tricks.com/scroll-driven-sticky-heading/)

</div>

I was playing around with scroll-driven animations, just searching for
all sorts of random things you could do. That’s when I came up with the
idea to animate main headings and, using scroll-driven animations,
change the headings based on the user’s scroll position.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dear Rounded Corners, You
Win](https://webdesignerdepot.com/dear-rounded-corners-you-win/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://webdesignerdepot-wp.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/2025/06/22132738/1-22.jpg)](https://webdesignerdepot.com/dear-rounded-corners-you-win/)

</div>

Rounded corners didn’t just win—they staged a quiet coup and made our
interfaces soft, friendly, and suspiciously comforting. This satirical
love-hate letter to border-radius explores how we went from brutalist
boxes to UI that feels like a therapy session. If you've ever
surrendered to a 12px curve, this one's for you.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better CSS Shapes Using shape() — Part 4: Close and Move \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/better-css-shapes-using-shape-part-4-close-and-move/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/css-shapes-function-csstricks-logo.webp)](https://css-tricks.com/better-css-shapes-using-shape-part-4-close-and-move/)

</div>

The shape() function's close and move commands may not be ones you reach
for often, but are incredibly useful for certain shapes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Color Names — HTML Color
Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/assets/images/html-color-codes-picker-charts-names-tutorials-resources.jpg)](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)

</div>

HTML color names rule. Modern browsers support 140 HTML color names
which we've listed here along with their Hex color codes and RGB values.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Blob Recipes \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/css-blob-recipes/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/blobs-cover.webp)](https://css-tricks.com/css-blob-recipes/)

</div>

Blob, Blob, Blob. What's the most effective way to create blob shapes in
CSS? Turns out, as always, there are many. Let's compare them together!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS & JavaScript Snippets for Creating Sticky
Elements](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-snippets-sticky-elements/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sticky-snippets-thumb.png)](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-snippets-sticky-elements/)

</div>

Learn how to use CSS and JavaScript to build sticky headers, navigation
bars, and UI elements. Includes working examples and practical tips.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better CSS Shapes Using shape() — Part 2: More on Arcs \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/better-css-shapes-using-shape-part-2-more-on-arcs/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/shape-fuinction-featured.webp)](https://css-tricks.com/better-css-shapes-using-shape-part-2-more-on-arcs/)

</div>

This is the second part of a series that dives deep into the CSS shape()
command, continuing with a more detailed look at the arc command.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Best CSS Snippets for Web Designers in
2025](https://www.noupe.com/essentials/best-css-snippets-for-web-designers.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/kobu-agency-ipARHaxETRk-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/essentials/best-css-snippets-for-web-designers.html)

</div>

Explore the 10 best CSS snippets for web designers in 2025. Boost your
projects with these powerful, easy-to-use styling solutions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GitHub - Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-css: Short CSS code snippets for
all your development
needs](https://github.com/Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/122838124/f6f28680-cf98-11eb-8384-54d33356d049)](https://github.com/Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-css)

</div>

Short CSS code snippets for all your development needs -
Chalarangelo/30-seconds-of-css

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Plain Vanilla](https://plainvanillaweb.com/index.html)

</div>

An explainer for doing web development using only vanilla techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS shape() Commands \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/css-shape-commands/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/css-shapes.jpg)](https://css-tricks.com/css-shape-commands/)

</div>

The CSS shape() function recently gained support in both Chromium and
WebKit browsers. It's a way of drawing complex shapes when clipping
elements with the clip-path property.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using CSS backdrop-filter for UI Effects \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-backdrop-filter-for-ui-effects/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/css-tricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/backdrop-filter-weather-widget.jpeg)](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-backdrop-filter-for-ui-effects/)

</div>

Tips and tricks on utilizing the CSS backdrop-filter property to style
user interfaces. You’ll learn how to layer backdrop filters among
multiple elements, and integrate them with other CSS graphical effects
to create elaborate designs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 CSS Snippets Every Front-End Developer Should Know In 2025 · January
19,
2025](https://nerdy.dev/6-css-snippets-every-front-end-developer-should-know-in-2025)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nerdy.dev/argyleink/6-css-snippets-2025-thumb.png)](https://nerdy.dev/6-css-snippets-every-front-end-developer-should-know-in-2025)

</div>

Toolbelt worthy, powerful, and meaningful CSS you'll need for 2025.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chilled Out Text Underlines – Frontend Masters
Blog](https://frontendmasters.com/blog/chilled-out-text-underlines/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/blog/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/5316)](https://frontendmasters.com/blog/chilled-out-text-underlines/)

</div>

Blue links with underlines is a good default style for links in body
text, but it's a bit intense. Maybe we can chill it out a bit and be a
bit more flexible.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://speckyboy.com/glow-effects-css-javascript/>

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/css-glow-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/glow-effects-css-javascript/)

</div>

Glow effects are a design staple, adding style and setting the mood.
Here’s a collection of CSS and JavaScript snippets for creating those
stunning glow effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[uchū — the color palette for internet lovers](https://uchu.style/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://uchu.style/asset/image/og.png)](https://uchu.style/)

</div>

uchū is the color palette for internet lovers, by NetOperator Wibby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tailwind CSS Cheat Sheet](https://nerdcave.com/tailwind-cheat-sheet)

</div>

Cheat sheet to learn Tailwind CSS quickly. Browse and search all
Tailwind utility classes or CSS properties on one page.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Different (and Modern) Ways To Toggle Content \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/the-different-and-modern-ways-to-toggle-content/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/382363)](https://css-tricks.com/the-different-and-modern-ways-to-toggle-content/)

</div>

Let’s spend some time looking at disclosures, the Dialog API, the
Popover API, and more. We’ll look at the right time to use each one
depending on your needs. Modal or non-modal? JavaScript or pure
HTML/CSS? Not sure? Don’t worry, we’ll go into all that.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Isomorphic-Table-Cards
·](https://github.com/evoluteur/isomorphic-table-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/300770456/921dfb80-04f1-11eb-83c0-d33a39c00370)](https://github.com/evoluteur/isomorphic-table-cards)

</div>

Table and Cards views with animated transitions on sorting, switching
view, and browser resizing (no dependencies, just vanilla Javascript,
CSS, and HTML). - evoluteur/isomorphic-table-cards

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Masonry & CSS Grid](https://css-tricks.com/css-masonry-css-grid)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/381216)](https://css-tricks.com/css-masonry-css-grid)

</div>

An approach for creating masonry layouts in vanilla CSS is one of those
"holy grail" aspirations. I actually tend to plop masonry and the
classic "Holy Grail"

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Slide Through Unlimited Dimensions With CSS Scroll
Timelines](https://css-tricks.com/slide-through-unlimited-dimensions-with-css-scroll-timelines)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/381191)](https://css-tricks.com/slide-through-unlimited-dimensions-with-css-scroll-timelines)

</div>

The creator of CSS has said he originally envisaged CSS as the main web
technology to control behavior on web pages, with scripting as a
fallback when things

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sanding UI](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2024/sanding-ui)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/assets/img/twitter-card.png)](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2024/sanding-ui)

</div>

Writing about the big beautiful mess that is making things for the world
wide web.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Useful CSS Tips And
Techniques](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/06/css-tips-and-techniques)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/css-tips-and-techniques/self-modifying-variables-opt.png)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/06/css-tips-and-techniques)

</div>

The times for CSS have probably never been more exciting than today. In
this quick read, we’ve got some useful CSS tips and techniques for you
that you can apply to your work right away. Let’s dive deeper into
self-modifying CSS variables, hanging punctuation, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Tailwind CSS for Your Ruby On Rails
Project](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/06/05/how-to-use-tailwind-css-for-your-ruby-on-rails-project.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkhvdyB0byBVc2UgVGFpbHdpbmQgQ1NTIGZvciBZb3VyIFJ1YnkgT24gUmFpbHMgUHJvamVjdCJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctb25xcXE4bnVuLWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjQtMDYvdGFpbHdpbmQtcmFpbHMuanBnIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW9ucXFxOG51bi1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=e79d0b4307391bcfd8dea48bf7d152533f628e2600495c565ece842431f68625)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/06/05/how-to-use-tailwind-css-for-your-ruby-on-rails-project.html)

</div>

Let's see how we can use Tailwind CSS in a Rails application and explore
its utility-first approach.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modern CSS Layouts: You Might Not Need A Framework For
That](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/modern-css-layouts-no-framework-needed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/modern-css-layouts-no-framework-needed/modern-css-layouts-no-framework-needed.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/modern-css-layouts-no-framework-needed)

</div>

It’s easy to get lost in a sea of CSS frameworks and libraries, each
promising easier styling and smoother layouts. Brecht De Ruyte
demonstrates four CSS utility classes (plus a bonus) using techniques
that allow them to be used practically anywhere you need a particular
layout — be it Grid or Flexbox — with configurable options.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS & JavaScript Snippets for Awesome Reveal
Effects](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-reveal-effects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/reveal-effect-snippets-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-reveal-effects)

</div>

A collection of copy and paste CSS and JavaScript code snippets for
creating animated reveal effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Old Dogs, new CSS Tricks](https://mxb.dev/blog/old-dogs-new-css-tricks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mxb.dev/blog/old-dogs-new-css-tricks/cover.jpg)](https://mxb.dev/blog/old-dogs-new-css-tricks)

</div>

A lot of new CSS features have shipped in the last years, but actual
usage is still low. One of the biggest barriers: we need to re-wire our
own brains.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond CSS Media
Queries](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/beyond-css-media-queries)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/beyond-css-media-queries/beyond-css-media-queries.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/beyond-css-media-queries)

</div>

Juan Diego Rodriguez explains why media queries still occupy a vital
role in responsive layouts; only they are now one tool in a larger
toolbox with modern techniques that are best when used together.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Times You Need A Custom @property Instead Of A CSS
Variable](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/times-need-custom-property-instead-css-variable)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/times-need-custom-property-instead-css-variable/times-need-custom-property-instead-css-variable.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/times-need-custom-property-instead-css-variable)

</div>

Preethi Sam walks through an example that demonstrates where custom
properties are more suitable than variables while showcasing the greater
freedom and flexibility that custom properties provide for designing
complex, refined animations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Modern Guide For Making CSS
Shapes](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/modern-guide-making-css-shapes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/modern-guide-making-css-shapes/modern-guide-making-css-shapes.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/modern-guide-making-css-shapes)

</div>

In this comprehensive guide, Temani Afif explores different techniques
for creating common shapes with the smallest and most flexible code
possible.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Tip: Learn CSS the easy one](https://css-tip.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tip.com/img/css-tip.jpg)](https://css-tip.com)

</div>

The best place to keep up to date with the new CSS features. Daily CSS
tips and tricks to become a better web developer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Help us invent CSS Grid Level 3, aka “Masonry”
layout](https://webkit.org/blog/15269/help-us-invent-masonry-layouts-for-css-grid-level-3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://webkit.org/wp-content/uploads/image1-masonry-light.png)](https://webkit.org/blog/15269/help-us-invent-masonry-layouts-for-css-grid-level-3)

</div>

If you’ve been making websites for years, you know how frustrating it
was to lay out a web page with CSS floats.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Shape](https://css-shape.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-shape.com/css-shapes.jpg)](https://css-shape.com)

</div>

The modern way to create CSS shapes using a minimal code and a single
element. A collection of CSS-only shapes created by Temani Afif.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced CSS Techniques for Responsive
Design](https://dev.to/kartikmehta8/advanced-css-techniques-for-responsive-design-512d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fehmmmu0qu8cvelddgtos.png)](https://dev.to/kartikmehta8/advanced-css-techniques-for-responsive-design-512d)

</div>

Introduction Responsive design has become an essential aspect of web
development in...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Rounded Corners
Examples](https://dev.to/refine/css-rounded-corners-examples-3hha)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F44f0antuik729632etya.png)](https://dev.to/refine/css-rounded-corners-examples-3hha)

</div>

Introduction Rounded corners on HTML help soften the overall design of
a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS Snippets for Creating Bento Grid
Layouts](https://speckyboy.com/css-bento-grid-layouts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/bento-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/css-bento-grid-layouts)

</div>

Dive into CSS bento grid layouts. A collection of CSS flexbox and grid
code snippets, and examples for enhancing your web development skills.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[24 Eye-catching HTML CSS Chat Box Designs to Enhance Your
Website](https://morioh.com/a/538c7c1c86b4/24-eye-catching-html-css-chat-box-designs-to-enhance-your-website)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.morioh.com/2023/10/21/6f544640.webp)](https://morioh.com/a/538c7c1c86b4/24-eye-catching-html-css-chat-box-designs-to-enhance-your-website)

</div>

Elevate your website's user experience and engagement with 24
captivating HTML CSS chat box designs. From sleek and modern to fun and
whimsical, there's a design to match every website's style and tone.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modern CSS Tooltips And Speech Bubbles (Part
1)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/03/modern-css-tooltips-speech-bubbles-part1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/modern-css-tooltips-part1/modern-css-tooltips-speech-bubbles.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/03/modern-css-tooltips-speech-bubbles-part1)

</div>

Tooltips are a very common pattern used in CSS for years. There are a
lot of ways to approach tooltips in CSS, though some evoke headaches
with all the magic numbers they require. In this article, Temani Afif
presents modern techniques to create tooltips with the smallest amount
of markup and the greatest amount of flexibility.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stop wrestling with CSS.](https://css-for-js.dev)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-for-js.dev/og-image-v2.jpg)](https://css-for-js.dev)

</div>

A comprehensive course that helps you develop deep mastery of CSS. Built
specifically for JavaScript developers!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Animations and
Transitions](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/css-animations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.frontendmasters.com/assets/courses/2022-07-25-css-animations/posterframe.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/css-animations)

</div>

Learn CSS transitions, animations, custom properties, data attributes,
choreography, animation states, layout animations, and reactive
animations with a little bit of JavaScript.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TIL (Today I learned)](https://www.matuzo.at/til)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dp3mem7or/image/upload/w_1200//misc/sm.jpg?s=213)](https://www.matuzo.at/til)

</div>

I'm a frontend developer in Graz, specialized in HTML, accessibility,
and CSS layout and architecture.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Top 10 CSS Frameworks for
2024](https://dev.to/sh20raj/the-top-10-css-frameworks-for-2024-431l)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fn09rhe4t5pmm9wxn9hv5.png)](https://dev.to/sh20raj/the-top-10-css-frameworks-for-2024-431l)

</div>

Top 10 CSS Frameworks for Developers in 2024 See More Here :-...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Media Queries](https://dev.to/sauelalmonte/css-media-queries-1a5b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F3as0f39a6yzx0u7ods7u.png)](https://dev.to/sauelalmonte/css-media-queries-1a5b)

</div>

Introduction: Media queries offer a powerful means to adapt our styles
based on factors such as the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Complex But Awesome CSS border-image
Property](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/01/css-border-image-property)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/css-border-image-property/css-border-image-property.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/01/css-border-image-property)

</div>

The CSS \`border-image\` property is one of those properties you
undoubtedly know exists but may not have ever reached for. In this
article, Temani Afif demonstrates different approaches for using
\`border-image\` to create clever decorative accents and shapes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding CSS Media Types: Making Your Website Look Good on
Different
D](https://dev.to/hseritt/understanding-css-media-types-making-your-website-look-good-on-different-devices-4f0m)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fhyzgav4wucmnv9ajqitw.png)](https://dev.to/hseritt/understanding-css-media-types-making-your-website-look-good-on-different-devices-4f0m)

</div>

When you design a website, you want it to look nice and work well,
whether people are viewing it on a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Layouts: Get Started with Container
Queries](https://dev.to/dianale/css-layouts-get-started-with-container-queries-3dnf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ff14gtcg43imff193e5a1.png)](https://dev.to/dianale/css-layouts-get-started-with-container-queries-3dnf)

</div>

Welcome to another year of the State of CSS. Like for last year's State
of CSS 2022, I will be...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neon / glowing stroke text effect](https://codepen.io/glyd/pen/BaMjQdw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/BaMjQdw-512.jpg?version=1698458185)](https://codepen.io/glyd/pen/BaMjQdw)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Path To Awesome CSS Easing With The linear()
Function](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/path-css-easing-linear-function)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/path-css-easing-linear-function/path-css-easing-linear-function.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/path-css-easing-linear-function)

</div>

With the new CSS \`linear()\` easing function on the horizon, the
possibilities of what we can do to create natural-feeling animations and
transitions in the future are greatly expanded. Jhey Tompkins looks at
the current state of CSS easing in this article and demonstrates what we
can expect from \`linear()\`, including handy tools to get your hands on
it today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS \| Trigonometry
Circle](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-trigonometry-circle-3bl3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fahqcvbze5vky9kzir95m.png)](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-trigonometry-circle-3bl3)

</div>

Hello Frondend developers, today i will show you how to create a
circular element layout with css...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Advanced CSS Selectors You Should
Know](https://dev.to/mainulspace/7-advanced-css-selectors-you-should-know-70g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fexxjiaz07d6143smp1zz.png)](https://dev.to/mainulspace/7-advanced-css-selectors-you-should-know-70g)

</div>

CSS is indispensable when we talk about web design and development.
Basic selectors like classes (.)...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to do stunning 3D with pure
HTML/CSS](https://dev.to/martinp/how-to-do-stunning-3d-with-pure-htmlcss-ah)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Felt31itdhi46mi8rci8x.png)](https://dev.to/martinp/how-to-do-stunning-3d-with-pure-htmlcss-ah)

</div>

HTML and CSS may be the bedrock of 2D web design, but hidden within
their virtual toolbox are the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[✨? An Eye-Catching Card with a nice Hover Effect using HTML and
SCSS](https://dev.to/smitprajapati/an-eye-catching-card-with-a-nice-hover-effect-using-html-and-scss-mj1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fxuc4lfuypd0f5b1i4y2j.jpg)](https://dev.to/smitprajapati/an-eye-catching-card-with-a-nice-hover-effect-using-html-and-scss-mj1)

</div>

A post by Smit Prajapati

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The complete guide to CSS media queries \| Polypane, The browser for
ambitio](https://polypane.app/blog/the-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries#implementing-a-dark-mode)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://polypane.app/og-images/the-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries.png)](https://polypane.app/blog/the-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries#implementing-a-dark-mode)

</div>

Media queries are what make modern responsive design possible. With them
you can set different styling based on things like a users screen size,
device…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tansforms, Transitions and Animations : Elevating User Experiences with
CSS](https://dev.to/mohiyaddeen7/tansforms-transitions-and-animations-elevating-user-experiences-with-css-transitions-and-animations-364j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F1i7nf3hnd9snmakn2ikt.png)](https://dev.to/mohiyaddeen7/tansforms-transitions-and-animations-elevating-user-experiences-with-css-transitions-and-animations-364j)

</div>

In the ever-evolving landscape of web development, creating captivating
user experiences is a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The complete guide to CSS media
queries](https://dev.to/polypane/the-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries-15d2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2F7mzgq47bug5g4d4n01fj.png)](https://dev.to/polypane/the-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries-15d2)

</div>

Did you know there is a media query for inverted colors? Or one for
saving data? Media queries are w...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I'm betting on HTML](https://catskull.net/html.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://catskull.net/assets/opengraph.webp)](https://catskull.net/html.html)

</div>

AI Use Disclaimer: I wrote this post and then GPT-4 fixed my grammer and
spelling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Beginner's Guide: Understanding CSS
Animation](https://dev.to/meganad60/a-beginners-guide-understanding-css-animation-29l2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F77fnz5sy2pspcu0rx7ed.jpg)](https://dev.to/meganad60/a-beginners-guide-understanding-css-animation-29l2)

</div>

Introduction Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) is a style sheet language
that's used to design,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Cool CodePen Demos
(July 2023)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-july-2023-590l)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ftfw3mg1mfnyng0ca29pp.png)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-july-2023-590l)

</div>

A collection of 10 cool and exciting front-end demos shared on CodePen
during July 2023

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best CSS Animation on
internet](https://dev.to/democode7451/best-css-animation-on-internet-1hd8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fypmh5m8ici0z7akd8etb.jpg)](https://dev.to/democode7451/best-css-animation-on-internet-1hd8)

</div>

1\. Animated Background with SVG in CSS Output Source Code 2. CSS...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create a Beautiful Particle Animation with HTML
Canvas](https://dev.to/cruip_com/how-to-create-a-beautiful-particle-animation-with-html-canvas-n22)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fjke3pjch7h8ztosyivha.png)](https://dev.to/cruip_com/how-to-create-a-beautiful-particle-animation-with-html-canvas-n22)

</div>

Live Demo / Download -- In this tutorial, we will utilize the power of
HTML canvas to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Cool CodePen Demos
(June 2023)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-june-2023-3g58)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ftfw3mg1mfnyng0ca29pp.png)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-june-2023-3g58)

</div>

A collection of 10 cool and exciting front-end demos shared on CodePen
during June 2023

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering CSS Blend
Modes](https://www.kodingkitty.com/blog/blend-modes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kodingkitty.com/img/kodingkitty-blog-blend-modes.png)](https://www.kodingkitty.com/blog/blend-modes)

</div>

CSS mix blend modes provide an easy, yet powerful way to create visually
interesting designs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Spinning Diagrams with CSS](https://x.st/spinning-diagrams-with-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://x.st/assets/visual-sum-of-cubes.png)](https://x.st/spinning-diagrams-with-css)

</div>

This article discusses using CSS to make spinning 3D diagrams.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Advanced CSS Properties to Make Your Content Stand
Out](https://dev.to/hr21don/6-advanced-css-properties-to-make-your-content-stand-out-2n86)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fuhuh23ly3o0kwsorwtgp.png)](https://dev.to/hr21don/6-advanced-css-properties-to-make-your-content-stand-out-2n86)

</div>

CSS, or Cascading Style Sheets, is an essential tool for web developers
and designers alike. With...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chrome 112 Released With WASM Garbage Collection Trial, CSS
Nesting](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/23/04/04/2128239/chrome-112-released-with-wasm-garbage-collection-trial-css-nesting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/chrome_64.png)](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/23/04/04/2128239/chrome-112-released-with-wasm-garbage-collection-trial-css-nesting)

</div>

Google today promoted the Chrome 112 web browser to their stable channel
on all supported platforms. Phoronix reports: Starting as an origin
trial with Chrome 112 is WebAssembly (WASM) Garbage Collection support.
Yes, garbage collection to allow for efficient support for high-level
managed language...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Transform Your CSS Game: Bookmark These 10 CSS
Generators](https://dev.to/nialljoemaher/transform-your-css-game-bookmark-these-10-css-generators-2030)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fimgur.com%2FOvMjKFs.png)](https://dev.to/nialljoemaher/transform-your-css-game-bookmark-these-10-css-generators-2030)

</div>

In this article, we will introduce you to 10 CSS generators every web
designer and frontend developer should have in their toolkit.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Comprehensive Guide to CSS Shorthand
Properties](https://dev.to/wvsr/a-comprehensive-guide-to-css-shorthand-properties-2083)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F3pqfnrqv9wja5b5e294i.png)](https://dev.to/wvsr/a-comprehensive-guide-to-css-shorthand-properties-2083)

</div>

CSS shorthand is a group of CSS properties that allow you to write
multiple CSS properties in a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Amazing Metallic Effects Built With CSS and
JavaScript](https://speckyboy.com/metallic-effects-css-javascript)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/metallic-effect-snippets-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/metallic-effects-css-javascript)

</div>

Create realistic metallic effects with these CSS and JavaScript code
snippets. Create metallic text, buttons, backgrounds, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating CSS masonry-style
layouts](https://dev.to/logrocket/creating-css-masonry-style-layouts-50b7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fuldia4lj6ujcci85527r.png)](https://dev.to/logrocket/creating-css-masonry-style-layouts-50b7)

</div>

Written by Nwani Victory✏️ When designing a page with content
overflowing the viewport, an indirect...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better Responsive Design With CSS
clamp()](https://speckyboy.com/better-responsive-design-with-css-clamp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/css-clamp-intro-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/better-responsive-design-with-css-clamp)

</div>

With so many mobile devices on the market, we’re flooded with viewport
sizes. That makes it especially challenging to design a fully-responsive
website. CSS media queries have long been the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customize and apply backgrounds fast \| SVG
Backgrounds](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com/img/svg-backgrounds-preview.png)](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com)

</div>

👉 Copy-and-paste backgrounds, patterns, icons, and other website
graphics directly into projects. All customizable, tiny in file size,
and licensed for multi-use.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Say Goodbye to Boring Dropdowns: Create Custom Dropdown Menus with
Headless
UI](https://dev.to/nitinfab/say-goodbye-to-boring-dropdowns-create-custom-dropdown-menus-with-headless-ui-1p5b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fhuyba9irci3q3mntas3d.jpg)](https://dev.to/nitinfab/say-goodbye-to-boring-dropdowns-create-custom-dropdown-menus-with-headless-ui-1p5b)

</div>

Creating a website is no small feat. It requires careful planning,
strategic design, and thoughtful...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Border Radius
Tricks](https://dev.to/rutikkpatel/css-border-radius-tricks-54le)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/rutikkpatel/css-border-radius-tricks-54le)

</div>

CSS border-radius property allows developers to create stylish borders
for their website elements....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 beautiful corner border
examples](https://dev.to/smitprajapati/9-beautiful-corner-border-examples-202e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ft7tk1if8ptucrt03ody3.png)](https://dev.to/smitprajapati/9-beautiful-corner-border-examples-202e)

</div>

Easy way to add corner border to any div using ::before and ::after. Or
we can use sibling div or...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to add bootstrap in Rails
7](https://dev.to/rutikkpatel/how-to-add-bootstrap-in-rails-7-5pd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/rutikkpatel/how-to-add-bootstrap-in-rails-7-5pd)

</div>

How to add bootstrap in rails 7 Bootstrap is a popular CSS framework
that can help you...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 CSS Animation
Libraries](https://dev.to/coderpad/top-10-css-animation-libraries-656)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fdyrff30x91kz6c9ikfap.png)](https://dev.to/coderpad/top-10-css-animation-libraries-656)

</div>

For the longest time, developers were limited to Flash players and gifs
when they wanted to display...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Articles — Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/articles)

</div>

Smashing Magazine — front-end, UX and design for front-end engineers and
designers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering CSS Flexbox: From Basics to Advanced
Techniques](https://dev.to/sarveshh/mastering-css-flexbox-from-basics-to-advanced-techniques-1foe)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/sarveshh/mastering-css-flexbox-from-basics-to-advanced-techniques-1foe)

</div>

Introduction Are you tired of using tables, floats, and other
traditional CSS layout...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[76 CSS Cards](https://freefrontend.com/css-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://freefrontend.com//assets/img/css-cards/thumb.jpg)](https://freefrontend.com/css-cards)

</div>

Welcome to our collection of CSS cards! In this comprehensive
compilation, we have gathered a wide range of free HTML and CSS card
code examples from various reputable sources, including CodePen, GitHub,
and other valuable resources.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Relearn CSS layout](https://every-layout.dev)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://every-layout.dev/images/card.png)](https://every-layout.dev)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Build A Magazine Layout With CSS Grid
Areas](https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/02/build-magazine-layout-css-grid-areas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/building-print-like-website-layout-css-grid-areas/build-magazine-layout-css-grid-areas.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/02/build-magazine-layout-css-grid-areas)

</div>

Web development, especially what you can do with CSS, has become
increasingly complex. With the added capabilities of CSS Grid, it is now
possible to achieve layouts that look like they were laid out by hand.
Let’s tackle a practical example of how to do something like that.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Native CSS masonry layout \|
pawelgrzybek.com](https://pawelgrzybek.com/native-css-masonry-layout)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pawelgrzybek.com/native-css-masonry-layout/og.jpg)](https://pawelgrzybek.com/native-css-masonry-layout)

</div>

A masonry type of layout, one of the biggest obsessions of UX designers,
is finally coming to CSS. Style popularized by Pinterest, where elements
fill the vertical gaps instead of being aligned to the row axis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Different Ways to Get CSS Gradient
Shadows](https://css-tricks.com/different-ways-to-get-css-gradient-shadows)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/376764)](https://css-tricks.com/different-ways-to-get-css-gradient-shadows)

</div>

It’s a question I hear asked quite often: Is it possible to create
shadows from gradients instead of solid colors? There is no specific CSS
property that does

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Moving Backgrounds](https://css-tricks.com/moving-backgrounds)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/376723)](https://css-tricks.com/moving-backgrounds)

</div>

We often think of background images as texture or something that
provides contrast for legible content — in other words, not really
content. If it was

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual design rules you can safely follow every
time](https://anthonyhobday.com/sideprojects/saferules)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Notes with
CSS3](https://dev.to/w7freedownload/sticky-notes-with-css3-1c2a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fga3dhk76sfd3tn8zaiq1.png)](https://dev.to/w7freedownload/sticky-notes-with-css3-1c2a)

</div>

What is a sticky notes with css3, How do you make a sticky notes with
css3? Sticky Notes with CSS3...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Named Colors: Groups, Palettes, Facts, &
Fun](https://dev.to/austingil/css-named-colors-groups-palettes-facts-fun-4h2a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fopdw6p1j7azstni5lwv3.png)](https://dev.to/austingil/css-named-colors-groups-palettes-facts-fun-4h2a)

</div>

Note: Due to publishing limitations, the groups of colors in this post
are inserted as images. For...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Level Up Your CSS Skills With The :has()
Selector](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/01/level-up-css-skills-has-selector)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/has-selector-level-up-css-skills/has-selector-level-up-css-skills.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/01/level-up-css-skills-has-selector)

</div>

The CSS relational selector :has() offers what was previously impossible
without JavaScript. Let’s explore some magical powers that :has brings.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why We Use CSS Preprocessors
?](https://dev.to/jagroop2000/why-we-use-css-preprocessors--5cn5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fletgl9she01ee74jvlvo.png)](https://dev.to/jagroop2000/why-we-use-css-preprocessors--5cn5)

</div>

CSS preprocessors are tools that allow us to write CSS in a more
powerful and expressive way, using...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Practical Guide to CSS Media Queries - Stack
Diary](https://stackdiary.com/css-media-queries)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://stackdiary.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/CSS-Media-Queries-featured.png)](https://stackdiary.com/css-media-queries)

</div>

CSS Media queries - @media - allow you to style multiple versions of a
single site depending on the type of device on which the layout/site is
being

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker News](https://www.metallicss.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.metallicss.com/some2.png)](https://www.metallicss.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 CSS Card Design
Ideas!](https://dev.to/youngmamba/5-css-card-design-ideas-4g5b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fh5letgivyisytm579w1q.png)](https://dev.to/youngmamba/5-css-card-design-ideas-4g5b)

</div>

Disclaimer: There is a video version of this tutorial, watch it here
Here are 5 card designs, with...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fancy Image Decorations: Outlines and Complex Animations \|
CSS-Tricks -
CSS](https://css-tricks.com/fancy-image-decorations-outlines-and-complex-animations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/374302)](https://css-tricks.com/fancy-image-decorations-outlines-and-complex-animations)

</div>

We’ve spent the last two articles in this three-part series playing with
gradients to make really neat image decorations using nothing but the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to CSS Animation — Part 1 \| by Jhey Tompkins \|
codeburst](https://codeburst.io/a-guide-to-css-animation-part-1-8777f5beb1f8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:480/1*YMIFMQyYdSkmGAus_VZiPw.gif)](https://codeburst.io/a-guide-to-css-animation-part-1-8777f5beb1f8)

</div>

Let’s get things moving! 🎞

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pokemon Cards Holo effect
v2](https://codepen.io/simeydotme/pen/abYWJdX)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.codepen.io/13471/internal/screenshots/pens/abYWJdX.custom.png?version=1686899428)](https://codepen.io/simeydotme/pen/abYWJdX)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GitHub - davidteren/simple_tails: Sensible semantic HTML styling out
the bo](https://github.com/davidteren/simple_tails)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/0ad3d383a9a60644fc9bbb3f6a8357d878200c2739e9e983bc090bcf82550e8b/davidteren/simple_tails)](https://github.com/davidteren/simple_tails)

</div>

Sensible semantic HTML styling out the box for Ruby on Rails
applications - davidteren/simple_tails

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Wavy Shapes & Patterns in
CSS](https://css-tricks.com/how-to-create-wavy-shapes-patterns-in-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/373403)](https://css-tricks.com/how-to-create-wavy-shapes-patterns-in-css)

</div>

The wave is probably one of the most difficult shapes to make in CSS. We
always try to approximate it with properties like border-radius and lots
of magic

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Kits \| Foundation 6](https://get.foundation/building-blocks/kits.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bootstrap CSS is still the sh\*t. But we can make it
better.](https://dev.to/wes_walke/bootstrap-css-is-still-the-sht-but-we-can-make-it-better-1p6d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqd9qsb2pa6h8nm95lvfu.png)](https://dev.to/wes_walke/bootstrap-css-is-still-the-sht-but-we-can-make-it-better-1p6d)

</div>

Bootstrap is an amazing CSS framework for those who struggle with
design, css, or need to build...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS
Claymorphism](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-claymorphism-2pkd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Frzc0t4dflg5ohciwx62m.png)](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-claymorphism-2pkd)

</div>

Hello Guyz today i am going to show you the beautiful claymorphism
effect using CSS. Lets get...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The World's Most Satisfying Checkbox \| !Boring
Software](https://www.andy.works/words/the-most-satisfying-checkbox)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5f52cb73016fed9a30bb4d95/62955c8bdc82371283f7ae65_play3.jpg)](https://www.andy.works/words/the-most-satisfying-checkbox)

</div>

The Art of Game Feel (a.k.a Juice) in Product Design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 In-demand Marketing Skills for Your Design
CV](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/amy-hirschi-JaoVGh5aJ3E-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

In today’s tech-savvy world, being a great designer is not all about
being a whiz at tools such as Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator. The
job is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS Snippets That Demonstrate the Power of Shadow
Effects](https://speckyboy.com/css-snippets-shadow-effects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/shadow-css-snippets-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/css-snippets-shadow-effects)

</div>

A collection of useful code snippets that demonstrate the usefulness and
what you can fully achieve with CSS shadow effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Beautiful Color Gradients using
CSS](https://dev.to/devash98/15-beautiful-colour-gradients-using-css-4em1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fjojcoiwwnmw37inqcnd7.png)](https://dev.to/devash98/15-beautiful-colour-gradients-using-css-4em1)

</div>

👋, I am here with another list. In this post I have enlisted 15
aesthetic color gradients using CSS...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[\#HEXWORDS](https://hexwords.netlify.app)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Tips - Marko Denic - Web
Developer](https://markodenic.com/css-tips)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://markodenic.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Discuss-product-requirements-e1613893235653.png)](https://markodenic.com/css-tips)

</div>

CSS tips and tricks you will not see in most tutorials.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS & JavaScript Snippets for Creating Cool Card UI Hover
Effects](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-card-ui-hover-effects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/card-hover-effects-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/css-javascript-card-ui-hover-effects)

</div>

From bold transformations to simple highlights, we share some fantastic
CSS & JavaScript card UI hover effect snippets.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazing Resources for Web
Developers](https://dev.to/suprabhasupi/amazing-resources-for-web-developers-ma9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fgq7t0traszgdn5bdvsgn.png)](https://dev.to/suprabhasupi/amazing-resources-for-web-developers-ma9)

</div>

Found amazing resources which will save you tons of time as a web
developer👇 1. 10015...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[html-css-google-keep-complete -
CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/html-css-google-keep-complete-i05d3?file=/index.html:6643-6872&resolutionHeight=675&resolutionWidth=320)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://codesandbox.io/api/v1/sandboxes/i05d3/screenshot.png)](https://codesandbox.io/s/html-css-google-keep-complete-i05d3?file=/index.html:6643-6872&resolutionHeight=675&resolutionWidth=320)

</div>

html-css-google-keep-complete by akhilboddu using parcel-bundler

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Smashing
Newsletter](https://mailchi.mp/smashingmagazine/339-modern-css-techniques?e=01c6bebc27)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Japanese Web Design Is So…
Different](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://randomwire.com/wp-content/uploads/rakuten-ichiba.png)](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to design better
buttons](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2019/12/23/how-to-design-better-buttons)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2019%2F12%2FCopy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-...-5.png&signature=5f758f534c41b1a833cfb11cfe4d53f7)](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2019/12/23/how-to-design-better-buttons)

</div>

A button is an interactive element that results in the action described
on it. If it says “save” on a button, clicking it will most likely
“save” something. It’s also one of the most important interactive
elements of any digital product. It

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Weber’s Law - NeuroLogica
Blog](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/webers-law)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/08/weberplot.gif)](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/webers-law)

</div>

I confess I have never heard (or at least don't remember ever hearing)
about Weber's Law (pronouned vayber) until reading about it with this
news item. It is the Law of Just Noticeable Differences. It deals with
the minimum difference in a stimulus necessary to notice. While clearly
established, and there are many hypotheses to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Responsive Images - A Reference Guide from A to
Z](https://dev.to/manu4543/responsive-images-a-reference-guide-from-a-to-z-30aa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/manu4543/responsive-images-a-reference-guide-from-a-to-z-30aa)

</div>

Chapter 1 - What is responsive images? In this guide, we will learn
everything related to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[W3Schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_tooltip.asp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.w3schools.com/images/w3schools_logo_436_2.png)](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_tooltip.asp)

</div>

W3Schools offers free online tutorials, references and exercises in all
the major languages of the web. Covering popular subjects like HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, Python, SQL, Java, and many, many more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Performance Checklist 2021 (PDF, Apple Pages, MS Word) —
Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2020-pdf-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/08a226c5-5a9a-4bd2-bba7-dad7e74f69e9/adaptive-media-serving-opt.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2020-pdf-pages)

</div>

Let’s make 2021... fast! An annual front-end performance checklist, with
everything you need to know to create fast experiences on the web today,
from metrics to tooling and CSS/JavaScript techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Layout Best Practices – 12 Timeless UI Patterns \|
Toptal®](https://www.toptal.com/designers/ui/web-layout-best-practices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8958394/og_image/optimized/image_25-8e14344af822268a3f268422a16528ed.png)](https://www.toptal.com/designers/ui/web-layout-best-practices)

</div>

What makes a web UI pattern timeless? Adherence to web layout best
practices that result in a combination of user-friendliness and
adaptability to changing trends and technology. \#design \#ui \#design
\#ux \#web \#product

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Performance Checklist 2021 (PDF, Apple Pages, MS Word) —
Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2019-pdf-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/08a226c5-5a9a-4bd2-bba7-dad7e74f69e9/adaptive-media-serving-opt.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2019-pdf-pages)

</div>

Let’s make 2021... fast! An annual front-end performance checklist, with
everything you need to know to create fast experiences on the web today,
from metrics to tooling and CSS/JavaScript techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Flexbox and Grids, your layout’s best
friends](https://aerolab.co/blog/flexbox-grids)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://aerolab.co/blog/images/s1rnfuvk/production/6d9f3588985f993a913cfde54ebe1b1692180477-1920x1080.jpg)](https://aerolab.co/blog/flexbox-grids)

</div>

We decided to debunk the myths around Flexbox & Grids in order to show
you the power of these two technologies working together.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forestry.io CMS](https://forestry.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tina.io/img/tina-og.png)](https://forestry.io)

</div>

The Forestry.io team is now focused on building TinaCMS. If you wish to
migrate your Forestry site to Tina, follow the guide below.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ten modern layouts in one line of CSS \| Articles \|
web.dev](https://web.dev/one-line-layouts)

</div>

This post highlights a few powerful lines of CSS that do some serious
heavy lifting and help you build robust modern layouts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 seconds of css](https://atomiks.github.io/30-seconds-of-css)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-end Developer Handbook 2019 - Learn the entire JavaScript, CSS
and HTML development
practice!](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019/assets/images/FM_2019Cover_small.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

A guide for front-end developers to equip themselves with latest
learning resources and development tools in front-end engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Developer Handbook 2018 - Learn the entire JavaScript, CSS
and HTML development
practice!](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2018)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/guides/front-end-handbook/2018/images/open-graph-image.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2018)

</div>

A guide for front-end developers to equip themselves with latest
learning resources and development tools in front-end engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bootcards - Nền tảng Framework UI dạng card dựa trên
Bootstrap](http://bootcards.org)

</div>

Bootcards- UI Framework được xây dựng dựa với mục đích áp dụng những
template dạng thẻ cho các yếu tố thành phần của thiết kế website

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Techniques And Effects For Knockout Text \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/css-techniques-and-effects-for-knockout-text)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/267485)](https://css-tricks.com/css-techniques-and-effects-for-knockout-text)

</div>

Knockout text is a technique where words are clipped out of an element
and reveal the background. In other words, you only see the background
because the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Practical Tips for Cheating at
Design](https://medium.com/refactoring-ui/7-practical-tips-for-cheating-at-design-40c736799886)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2YuCOOCjdMEJxg-Lb6G2FA.png)](https://medium.com/refactoring-ui/7-practical-tips-for-cheating-at-design-40c736799886)

</div>

Improving your designs with tactics instead of talent.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The At-Rules Of CSS \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/the-at-rules-of-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/201268)](https://css-tricks.com/the-at-rules-of-css)

</div>

The at-rule is a statement that provides CSS with instructions to
perform or how to behave. Each statement begins with an @ followed
directly by one of

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tufte CSS](https://edwardtufte.github.io/tufte-css)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS: Flexible Repeating SVG
Masks](https://tylergaw.com/articles/css-repeating-svg-masks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tylergaw.com/articles/assets/post-image-repeating-masks-social.png)](https://tylergaw.com/articles/css-repeating-svg-masks)

</div>

This started with a literal dream about CSS, then a Sunday morning of
messing around.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Grid Garden](https://cssgridgarden.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cssgridgarden.com/images/screenshot.png)](https://cssgridgarden.com)

</div>

A game for learning CSS grid layout

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[MUI - Material Design CSS Framework](https://www.muicss.com)

</div>

MUI is a lightweight CSS framework that follows Google's Material Design
guidelines. MUI is designed from the ground up to be fast, small and
developer-friendly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn to style HTML using CSS - Learn web development \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS)

</div>

Cascading Style Sheets — or CSS — is the first technology you should
start learning after HTML. While HTML is used to define the structure
and semantics of your content, CSS is used to style it and lay it out.
For example, you can use CSS to alter the font, color, size, and spacing
of your content, split it into multiple columns, or add animations and
other decorative features.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This Ain’t Disney: A practical guide to CSS transitions and
animations](https://blog.prototypr.io/this-aint-disney-a-practical-guide-to-css-transitions-and-animations-a8b87e7c5531)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/1*aMOZ578-yNodBhdisfYGWQ.gif)](https://blog.prototypr.io/this-aint-disney-a-practical-guide-to-css-transitions-and-animations-a8b87e7c5531)

</div>

Oh, animation… we want to get it right so badly, don’t we? I mean, does
anybody really enjoys a stiff, snappy UI? Can anyone admit they’re…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Water.css](https://kognise.github.io/water.css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kognise/water.css/master/assets/logo.png)](https://kognise.github.io/water.css)

</div>

A drop-in collection of CSS styles to make simple websites like this
just a little bit nicer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamically Filtering Layouts with Isotope & Bootstrap –
Speckyboy](https://speckyboy.com/dynamically-filtering-layouts-isotope-bootstrap)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/flit-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/dynamically-filtering-layouts-isotope-bootstrap)

</div>

We show you how to use Isotope.js to create dynamic layouts in the
Bootstrap framework, and how to dynamically filter the elements.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 awesome CSS animation libraries you need to
know.](https://dev.to/visualway/15-awesome-css-animation-libraries-you-need-to-know-13db)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fabhirajb.hashnode.dev%2F_next%2Fimage%3Furl%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fcdn.hashnode.com%252Fres%252Fhashnode%252Fimage%252Fupload%252Fv1639383518099%252FBACUfGiihi.png%253Fw%253D1600%2526h%253D840%2526fit%253Dcrop%2526crop%253Dentropy%2526auto%253Dcompress%252Cformat%2526format%253Dwebp%26w%3D1920%26q%3D75)](https://dev.to/visualway/15-awesome-css-animation-libraries-you-need-to-know-13db)

</div>

Transitions from one CSS style configuration to another can be animated
using CSS animations. A style...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 UX Tricks You Must Know in
2022](https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/5-ux-tricks-you-must-know-in-2022-5b2l)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Flk7ph9gnu79ly26vfhoh.png)](https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/5-ux-tricks-you-must-know-in-2022-5b2l)

</div>

Do you have what it takes to be an outstanding UX Developer in 2022? Add
these tricks to your arsenal...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Fingerprint](https://csstracking.dev)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Object Model (CSSOM) - Web APIs \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS_Object_Model)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS_Object_Model)

</div>

The CSS Object Model is a set of APIs allowing the manipulation of CSS
from JavaScript. It is much like the DOM, but for the CSS rather than
the HTML. It allows users to read and modify CSS style dynamically.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Packery](http://packery.metafizzy.co)

</div>

Gapless, draggable grid layouts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BEM Naming Cheat Sheet by
9elements](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet/src/img/bem-cheat-sheet.png)](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet)

</div>

A visual tool that provides naming-suggestions for CSS classes using BEM
naming convention.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Free Masonry Website Templates (2024) - HTML
Templates](https://htmltemplates.co/masonry-html5-templates)

</div>

Free Masonry HTML Website Templates are the best choice to kickstart
your next masonry style website or blog on the internet.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Rel="preconnect" To Establish Network Connections Early And
Increase Performance \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/using-relpreconnect-to-establish-network-connections-early-and-increase-performance)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/294438)](https://css-tricks.com/using-relpreconnect-to-establish-network-connections-early-and-increase-performance)

</div>

Milica Mihajlija:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modern CSS Explained For
Dinosaurs](https://medium.com/actualize-network/modern-css-explained-for-dinosaurs-5226febe3525)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1129/1*kXsiGLMHSS4jUx4W6yBOlw.png)](https://medium.com/actualize-network/modern-css-explained-for-dinosaurs-5226febe3525)

</div>

CSS is strangely considered both one of the easiest and one of the
hardest languages to learn as a web developer. It’s certainly easy…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Reference](http://cssreference.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cssreference.io/images/css-reference-share.png)](http://cssreference.io)

</div>

CSS Reference is a free visual guide to CSS. It features the most
popular properties, and explains them with illustrated and animated
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using CSS custom properties (variables) - CSS: Cascading Style Sheets
\|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables)

</div>

Custom properties (sometimes referred to as CSS variables or cascading
variables) are entities defined by CSS authors that represent specific
values to be reused throughout a document. They are set using the
@property at-rule or by custom property syntax (e.g., --primary-color:
blue;). Custom properties are accessed using the CSS var() function
(e.g., color: var(--primary-color);).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[JS: The Right Way](http://jstherightway.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/aaff5164e88291cf2bc33cfbdc259ce4d34935f3/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6a6145626438302e706e67)](http://jstherightway.org)

</div>

A quick reference to best practices for writing JavaScript -- links to
code patterns and tutorials from around the web

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gulp: A Web Developer's Secret Weapon for Maximizing Site Speed \|
Toptal®](https://www.toptal.com/javascript/optimize-js-and-css-with-gulp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8958284/og_image/optimized/Redesign-Gulp-Luke_Social-1f29a398649e31bc46da96790eec955e.png)](https://www.toptal.com/javascript/optimize-js-and-css-with-gulp)

</div>

When dealing with web-based projects that run in the production
environment, being able to build and deploy changes quickly is a top
priority. However, repetitive processes such as building front-end
assets, when not automated, can be prone to critical errors. In this
article, Toptal Freelance Software Engineer A...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Isotope](http://isotope.metafizzy.co)

</div>

Filter & sort magical layouts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 6 Best CSS Frameworks for
2019](https://www.skysilk.com/blog/2018/6-best-css-frameworks-2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.skysilk.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/5CSSFrameworks_BlogFI-1.png)](https://www.skysilk.com/blog/2018/6-best-css-frameworks-2019)

</div>

Learn about the best CSS frameworks for learning how to design a website
in 2019. List of Top 5 web UI design frameworks with responsive CSS
functionality.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[16 Best CSS Frameworks/Libraries for Front-End Developers \|
Geekflare](https://geekflare.com/best-css-frameworks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://geekflare.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/Best-CSS-FrameworksLibraries-for-Front-End-Developers.png)](https://geekflare.com/best-css-frameworks)

</div>

I once heard a front-end developer joke, "The NASA has landed robots on
Mars, and here we're still struggling to center-align our divs!" And it
makes me

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Layout cookbook - CSS: Cascading Style Sheets \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Layout_cookbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Layout_cookbook)

</div>

The CSS layout cookbook aims to bring together recipes for common layout
patterns, things you might need to implement in your own sites. In
addition to providing code you can use as a starting point in your
projects, these recipes highlight the different ways layout
specifications can be used, and the choices you can make as a developer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The CSS background-image property as an
anti-pattern](https://nystudio107.com/blog/the-css-background-image-property-as-an-anti-pattern)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nystudio107.com/img/blog/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/css-background-image.jpg?mtime=1558880401)](https://nystudio107.com/blog/the-css-background-image-property-as-an-anti-pattern)

</div>

The CSS background-image property allowed us to do some amazing things,
but in most cases, it's time to leave it behind.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Stack](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://every-layout.dev/images/card.png)](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

A composable CSS layout primitive.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Footer — Solved by Flexbox — Cleaner, hack-free
CSS](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/sticky-footer)

</div>

A showcase of problems once hard or impossible to solve with CSS alone,
now made trivially easy with Flexbox.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Flexbox Layout Guide \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/21059)](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox)

</div>

Our comprehensive guide to CSS flexbox layout. This complete guide
explains everything about flexbox, focusing on all the different
possible properties for the parent element (the flex container) and the
child elements (the flex items). It also includes history, demos,
patterns, and a browser support chart.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://www.webslake.com/article/customizing-design-of-google-custom-search-box-using-css/](https://www.webslake.com/article/customizing-design-of-google-custom-search-box-using-css)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Complete CSS Tags Reference - CSS
Cheatsheet](https://dev.to/snowbit/the-complete-css-tags-reference-css-cheatsheet-kh3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvupui5tg0oxdh9jm2f3n.png)](https://dev.to/snowbit/the-complete-css-tags-reference-css-cheatsheet-kh3)

</div>

If you are using CSS for frontend web development, you may be interested
in this article. The gist of...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Minification of CSS and
JavaScript](https://dev.to/iamakanksha16/minification-of-css-and-javascript-31ng)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F2gi37e5wk5hzq8fzlfi8.png)](https://dev.to/iamakanksha16/minification-of-css-and-javascript-31ng)

</div>

Minification is the process of deleting unneeded or redundant data from
a resource without altering...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Definition
Lists](https://css-tricks.com/sticky-definition-lists)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/354777)](https://css-tricks.com/sticky-definition-lists)

</div>

I ran across this 30 seconds of code website the other day, and they
have a CSS section which is really good! The first example snippet I
looked at was this

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[300 Bootstrap UI Components and
Blocks](https://dev.to/bootstrap/ui-components-5a9k)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fm1mcf707yrhzv7ahekrg.png)](https://dev.to/bootstrap/ui-components-5a9k)

</div>

The UI components are the building blocks for user interfaces. They can
be anything from navigation...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Super easy CSS Shapes for
beginners](https://dev.to/metajunaid/10-super-easy-css-shapes-for-beginners-19kf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F89ou2ank61a635tx3elp.JPG)](https://dev.to/metajunaid/10-super-easy-css-shapes-for-beginners-19kf)

</div>

Hello there, In this post we will be talking about creating basic shapes
in HTML & CSS. Many...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Line Spacing: The Fine Line Between Good and Bad UX
Design](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/hmtl-line-spacing-good-bad)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/HTML-Line-Spacing.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/hmtl-line-spacing-good-bad)

</div>

HTML line spacing matters in UX design. Read all you need to know about
line height and how it can help your UX.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Data List element - HTML: HyperText Markup Language \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist)

</div>

The HTML element contains a set of elements that represent the
permissible or recommended options available to choose from within other
controls.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Details & Summary tags: HTML's best kept
secret](https://dev.to/ayushn21/details-summary-tags-html-s-best-kept-secret-4ak4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F0hnph6iimdm9lki3j56c.png)](https://dev.to/ayushn21/details-summary-tags-html-s-best-kept-secret-4ak4)

</div>

and tags are among of the most useful tags that HTML gives us. I'm...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improving The Performance Of An Online Store (Case
Study)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2021/06/front-end-performance-online-store-jewellerybox)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/8a350bf5-9114-420c-b587-fee03ea4acb6/jewellerybox-uk-online-store-scipioerp.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2021/06/front-end-performance-online-store-jewellerybox)

</div>

Getting a good performance score from Google is hard for any website —
but doing so for an online store is even harder. We achieved green
scores — even several for mobile. Here is how we did it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pocket - 15 Advanced CSS Techniques To Master In
2021](https://getpocket.com/read/3342148997)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Advanced CSS Techniques To Master In
2021](https://dev.to/nimritee12/15-advanced-css-techniques-to-master-in-2021-1g9d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fissnpq0gw956xq0ybri0.png)](https://dev.to/nimritee12/15-advanced-css-techniques-to-master-in-2021-1g9d)

</div>

CSS is used to describe how HTML elements should be presented on the web
page. CSS can not only...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 ? Awesome CSS Animation
Resources](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/30-awesome-css-animation-resources-h9c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqvr35igwwbylvg0b0vgu.jpg)](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/30-awesome-css-animation-resources-h9c)

</div>

Here is the list of awesome CSS animation resources that will help you
to animate components quickly...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Flexbox in 5
Minutes](https://dev.to/terrythreatt/css-flexbox-in-5-minutes-1fcl)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fr76hf0pnliq0rc1d2ndz.png)](https://dev.to/terrythreatt/css-flexbox-in-5-minutes-1fcl)

</div>

What is CSS Flexbox CSS Flexbox is a one-dimensional layout module that
can be used to mak...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[border-radius - CSS: Cascading Style Sheets \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-radius)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-radius)

</div>

The border-radius CSS property rounds the corners of an element's outer
border edge. You can set a single radius to make circular corners, or
two radii to make elliptical corners.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Two awesome card hover effects you never seen
before.](https://dev.to/kunaal438/two-awesome-card-hover-effects-you-never-seen-before-2neo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fm146mtczz1onrgigg8l5.png)](https://dev.to/kunaal438/two-awesome-card-hover-effects-you-never-seen-before-2neo)

</div>

1 I suggest you to view demo in full new window. Click on top right most
button to vi...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Details on - Google
Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hvnPpsJo44BTPfJx28CV95vqk_dt6na1awUbk0kmZYM/edit#slide=id.g3e31444916_0_115)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using for Menus and Dialogs is an Interesting Idea \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/283765)](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

Using for a menu may be an interesting idea, but perhaps not something
to actually ship in production. See "More Details on "

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 amazing CSS tips and tricks you should
know](https://dev.to/duomly/15-amazing-css-tips-and-tricks-you-should-know-2789)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fg26t8gm4whfqk3kq3a1l.png)](https://dev.to/duomly/15-amazing-css-tips-and-tricks-you-should-know-2789)

</div>

This article was originally published at:
https://www.blog.duomly.com/12-css-tips-and-tricks-which-he...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Simple CSS Hover
Effects](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/12-simple-css-hover-effects-95d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F99gnkiervsdjgxa1dwts.jpg)](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/12-simple-css-hover-effects-95d)

</div>

Here is the list of 12 simple beginner level CSS menu button hover
animation, it use simple CSS anim...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My current HTML boilerplate - Manuel
Matuzović](https://www.matuzo.at/blog/html-boilerplate)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dp3mem7or/image/upload/w_1200/articles/sm_boilerplate.png?s=213)](https://www.matuzo.at/blog/html-boilerplate)

</div>

Every element I use for the basic structure of a HTML document, with
explanations why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Awesome CSS
Resources](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/10-awesome-css-resources-14mh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fof6mzn79o2kahcw2pw1w.jpg)](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/10-awesome-css-resources-14mh)

</div>

A list of few CSS resource that help me design the CSS code better. I
will give you a brief intro to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create Awesome Product Card \| UI Design \| E-commerce Card \| Using
Only
Html](https://dev.to/ahmadbassamemran/create-awesome-product-card-ui-design-e-commerce-card-using-only-html5-css3-553p)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F783bky4dxguatfbhr98y.jpg)](https://dev.to/ahmadbassamemran/create-awesome-product-card-ui-design-e-commerce-card-using-only-html5-css3-553p)

</div>

Please do not forget to subscribe in my channel:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Card \| Using Only Html5 &
CSS3](https://codepen.io/ahmadbassamemran/pen/GRryraq)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/GRryraq-512.jpg?version=1633330604)](https://codepen.io/ahmadbassamemran/pen/GRryraq)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Charts.css](https://chartscss.org)

</div>

CSS data visualization framework

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Foundation for Sites 6 Docs](https://get.foundation/sites/docs)

</div>

We built Foundation for Sites to be the most advanced responsive
front-end framework in the world.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Foundation and Rails ·
RailsApps](https://railsapps.github.io/rails-foundation.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS transitions and hover animations, an interactive
guide](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/animation/css-transitions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/images/og-css-transitions.png)](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/animation/css-transitions)

</div>

This comprehensive guide shows how to use CSS transitions! A
back-to-basics look at the fundamental building blocks we need to create
microinteractions and other animations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Rules of Margin
Collapse](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/rules-of-margin-collapse)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/images/og-rules-of-margin-collapse.png)](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/rules-of-margin-collapse)

</div>

“Margin collapse” has a dastardly reputation, one of the trickier parts
of CSS. Fortunately, it gets a lot easier once you learn a few rules! In
this tutorial, we take a deep dive into the governing principles, and
learn how to use them to our advantage.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create a tag cloud with HTML and
CSS](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/create-a-tag-cloud-with-html-and-css-1e90)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2F6y2v6o6c4gw8zyh3yeoa.png)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/create-a-tag-cloud-with-html-and-css-1e90)

</div>

Tutorial on how to create a tag cloud with HTML and CSS, no JavaScript
needed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ultimate CSS Reference
Guide](https://dev.to/alexmercedcoder/ultimate-css-reference-guide-30nk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fwmrt85hrvn38e2l4l6ci.png)](https://dev.to/alexmercedcoder/ultimate-css-reference-guide-30nk)

</div>

What is this guide? This guide will be a compilation of several bits
about CSS syntax and...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Can I use... Support tables for HTML5, CSS3,
etc](https://caniuse.com/?search=details)

</div>

"Can I use" provides up-to-date browser support tables for support of
front-end web technologies on desktop and mobile web browsers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Master CSS GRADIENTS - MUST
READ!](https://dev.to/prodexia/master-css-gradients-must-read-225j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fy0x3b1b2om3kyuee107i.jpg)](https://dev.to/prodexia/master-css-gradients-must-read-225j)

</div>

When we talk about gradients in CSS, we talk about gradients of colors.
This is ultimate post to mas...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Media Queries: Using Newer HTML & CSS Features for Responsive
Design](https://css-tricks.com/beyond-media-queries-using-newer-html-css-features-for-responsive-designs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/319906)](https://css-tricks.com/beyond-media-queries-using-newer-html-css-features-for-responsive-designs)

</div>

Beyond using media queries and modern CSS layouts, like flexbox and
grid, to create responsive websites, there are certain overlooked things
we can do well to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Guide to CSS Media
Queries](https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/319964)](https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries)

</div>

CSS Media queries are a way to target browser by certain
characteristics, features, and user preferences, then apply styles based
on those things.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Things I Wish I’d Known About CSS \| CSS For
Designers](https://cssfordesigners.com/articles/things-i-wish-id-known-about-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://davesmyth.com/img/dave-smyth-1000.png)](https://cssfordesigners.com/articles/things-i-wish-id-known-about-css)

</div>

Like many developers, I taught myself to code from a combination of
books and looking at source code. Here are some of things I wish I’d
been aware of earlier in my CSS journey.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Powerful CSS Techniques You Can Use Instead of
Javascript](https://dev.to/diogorodrigues/6-powerful-css-techniques-you-can-use-instead-of-javascript-2f44)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F8khx50rrrljmacjnbgnx.jpg)](https://dev.to/diogorodrigues/6-powerful-css-techniques-you-can-use-instead-of-javascript-2f44)

</div>

There are a lot of discussions about CSS vs. JavaScript and the battle
is getting seriously once CSS...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 CSS Best Practices to Keep in
Mind](https://dev.to/liaowow/8-css-best-practices-to-keep-in-mind-4n5h)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/liaowow/8-css-best-practices-to-keep-in-mind-4n5h)

</div>

This past week I had an opportunity to browse through a company's coding
guideline, some of which I f...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Backdrop Filter effect with
CSS](https://dev.to/urielbitton/backdrop-filter-effect-with-css-4m2b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fd54t0uz9alttxjl57tbq.png)](https://dev.to/urielbitton/backdrop-filter-effect-with-css-4m2b)

</div>

Yesterday i came upon a really cool looking effect on a website and
tried to reproduce the effect for...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better Box Shadows \| Ugly
Duck](https://uglyduck.ca/better-box-shadows)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Masonry layouts: Responsive, Lightweight, and
EASY!](https://w3bits.com/css-masonry)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://w3bits.com/wp-content/uploads/masonry.jpg)](https://w3bits.com/css-masonry)

</div>

A detailed tutorial guide to create a pure CSS Masonry layout which is
also responsive, easy-to-implement without making use of JavaScript or
jQuery.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Let’s Take a Deep Dive Into the CSS Contain
Property](https://css-tricks.com/lets-take-a-deep-dive-into-the-css-contain-property)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/307895)](https://css-tricks.com/lets-take-a-deep-dive-into-the-css-contain-property)

</div>

Compared to the past, modern browsers have become really efficient at
rendering the tangled web of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code a typical
webpage provides.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Discover 7 amazing tips and tricks about the CSS background
image](https://dev.to/duomly/discover-7-amazing-tips-and-tricks-about-the-css-background-image-39b0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fp88tvkflq9c1sr0osii4.png)](https://dev.to/duomly/discover-7-amazing-tips-and-tricks-about-the-css-background-image-39b0)

</div>

This article was originally published at
https://www.blog.duomly.com/css-background-image-tutorial-wi...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Phuoc Nguyen’s One Page
Wonders](https://css-tricks.com/phuoc-nguyens-one-page-wonders)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/308076)](https://css-tricks.com/phuoc-nguyens-one-page-wonders)

</div>

I keep running across these super useful one page sites, and they keep
being by the same person! Like this one with over 100 vanilla JavaScript
DOM

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating a floating label using HTML and
CSS](https://dev.to/bipinrajbhar/creating-a-floating-label-using-html-and-css-2edn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fjvhvs1f1piiqknbxjdo8.gif)](https://dev.to/bipinrajbhar/creating-a-floating-label-using-html-and-css-2edn)

</div>

Hello everyone 👋, I hope you are doing great. So, Today we are going to
learn how to create a floati...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Layout](https://csslayout.io)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lee
Robinson](https://leerob.io/blog/how-stripe-designs-beautiful-websites)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://leerob.com/opengraph-image.png?48197077839ee922)](https://leerob.io/blog/how-stripe-designs-beautiful-websites)

</div>

Frontend developer, optimist, community builder.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using CSS to Set Text Inside a
Circle](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-to-set-text-inside-a-circle)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/305723)](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-to-set-text-inside-a-circle)

</div>

You want to set some text inside the shape of a circle with HTML and
CSS? That’s crazy talk, right?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How They Fit Together: Transform, Translate, Rotate, Scale, and
Offset](https://danielcwilson.com/blog/2020/02/motion-path-transforms)

</div>

How the transform property, the independent transform properties, and
CSS Motion Path are applied together

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Zen Garden: The Beauty of CSS Design](http://www.csszengarden.com)

</div>

A demonstration of what can be accomplished visually through CSS-based
design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Few Background Patterns
Sites](https://css-tricks.com/a-few-background-patterns-sites)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/305081)](https://css-tricks.com/a-few-background-patterns-sites)

</div>

If I need a quick background pattern to spruce something up, I often
think of the CSS3 Patterns Gallery. Some of those are pretty intense but
remember they

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Guide to calc() in
CSS](https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-calc-in-css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/303923)](https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-calc-in-css)

</div>

CSS has a special calc() function for doing basic math. In this guide,
let's cover just about everything there is to know about this very
useful function.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Login Form Using
Semantic-UI](https://www.reddit.com/r/angularjs/comments/f9vwnp/login_form_using_semanticui)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://external-preview.redd.it/PG96BhdF66PVLM7jKdordFb3TIEMEFahr4ofQFDSYoE.jpg?width=1080&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=ebd3b288ab4c9c6d6801122f518c7949577d40a0)](https://www.reddit.com/r/angularjs/comments/f9vwnp/login_form_using_semanticui)

</div>

55K subscribers in the angularjs community. A community for the awesome
MVC JS framework.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Simple CTA Button Styles With Hover Effects For Your
Website](https://www.fabriziovanmarciano.com/button-styles)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.fabriziovanmarciano.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/custom-code-2.webp)](https://www.fabriziovanmarciano.com/button-styles)

</div>

Here are seven cool and simple CSS button styles examples for you to try
on your WordPress website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Refracted Floating Text
Effect](https://codepen.io/GeorgePark/pen/wEQpmo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/wEQpmo-512.jpg?version=1719161096)](https://codepen.io/GeorgePark/pen/wEQpmo)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS-Only Carousel](https://css-tricks.com/css-only-carousel)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/300964)](https://css-tricks.com/css-only-carousel)

</div>

It's kind of amazing how far HTML and CSS will take you when building a
carousel/slideshow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Guide to CSS Units for Relative
Spacing](https://dev.to/5t3ph/guide-to-css-units-for-relational-spacing-1mj5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/5t3ph/guide-to-css-units-for-relational-spacing-1mj5)

</div>

Space Relative to the Document :root Use: rem Unless you change it, the
default rem value...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generate -
Coolors.co](https://coolors.co/000000-839788-eee0cb-baa898-bfd7ea)

</div>

View and edit this palette on Coolors.co or create your own color
schemes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-end
technologies](https://glossarytech.com/terms/front_end-technologies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://glossarytech.com/public/site/img/share.jpg)](https://glossarytech.com/terms/front_end-technologies)

</div>

The front-end is everything involved with what the user sees, including
design and some languages like HTML and CSS.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kognise/water.css: A drop-in collection of CSS styles to make simple
websites just a little nicer](https://github.com/kognise/water.css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/179574410/54cd7e80-6142-11e9-8f2e-c3774582a097)](https://github.com/kognise/water.css)

</div>

A drop-in collection of CSS styles to make simple websites just a little
nicer - kognise/water.css

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using CSS Grid the right
way](https://vgpena.github.io/using-css-grid-the-right-way)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://vgpena.github.io/images/gris.jpg)](https://vgpena.github.io/using-css-grid-the-right-way)

</div>

CSS Grid is fun to use but hard to learn. Here are three tips to help
you understand and leverage the Grid spec.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When And How To Use CSS Multi-Column
Layout](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/css-multiple-column-layout-multicol)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/58c87a1e-ec68-4dc7-9ca1-a4a439ff3c4d/multicol-article-sharing-card.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/css-multiple-column-layout-multicol)

</div>

The Multi-column Layout spec is often overlooked as we use Grid and
Flexbox. In this article Rachel Andrew explains why it is different to
other layout methods, and shows some useful patterns and sites which
showcase it well. Rachel will take a look at Multi-column Layout — often
referred to as multicol or sometimes “CSS Columns”. You’ll find out
which tasks it is suited for, and some of the things to watch out for
when making columns.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Custom Elements for React
Developers](https://css-tricks.com/a-guide-to-custom-elements-for-react-developers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/278134)](https://css-tricks.com/a-guide-to-custom-elements-for-react-developers)

</div>

I had to build a UI recently and (for the first time in a long while) I
didn't have the option of using React.js, which is my preferred solution
for UI these

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Interesting JavaScript and CSS libraries for November
2018](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/11/10-interesting-javascript-and-css-libraries-for-november-2018)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tutorialzine.com/media/2018/11/interesting-js-and-css-libaries-november.png)](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/11/10-interesting-javascript-and-css-libraries-for-november-2018)

</div>

This November's collection is packed with some powerful CSS frameworks,
awesome date and time library and JS tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Circular Ripple Hover Effect on
Button](https://codepen.io/ViktorKorolyuk/pen/GYGwpv)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/GYGwpv-512.jpg?version=1604492635)](https://codepen.io/ViktorKorolyuk/pen/GYGwpv)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3 circle scattering](https://codepen.io/davidrogers/pen/oPeWMp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/oPeWMp-512.jpg?version=1540549635)](https://codepen.io/davidrogers/pen/oPeWMp)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Text Reveal](https://codepen.io/sedran/pen/GYPevV)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/GYPevV-512.jpg?version=1540865870)](https://codepen.io/sedran/pen/GYPevV)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Expanding flex cards](https://codepen.io/z-/pen/OBPJKK)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/OBPJKK-512.jpg?version=1633817403)](https://codepen.io/z-/pen/OBPJKK)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[20 Best Bootstrap 4
Plugins](https://code.tutsplus.com/articles/best-bootstrap-plugins--cms-31431)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/1631/posts/31431/preview_image/Bootstrap.jpg)](https://code.tutsplus.com/articles/best-bootstrap-plugins--cms-31431)

</div>

Totally open source and free to use, Bootstrap has become one of the
most popular front-end frameworks for desktop and mobile
development. With a mobile-first approach, the framework essentially...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Awesome Sass Libraries You Should Know
About](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tutorialzine.com/media/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries.png)](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

We share with you a collection of interesting Sass libraries that you
should check out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Strategy Guide To CSS Custom
Properties](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/05/css-custom-properties-strategy-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/a0d1f2dd-b44b-45e5-ad01-29418cbe0fd7/google-keep-app.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/05/css-custom-properties-strategy-guide)

</div>

Dynamic properties provide opportunities for new creative ideas, but
also the potential to add complexity to CSS. Custom properties have a
huge potential to change how we write and structure CSS and to a lesser
extent, how we use JavaScript to interact with UI components. To get the
most out of them, we might need a strategy for how we write and
structure CSS with custom properties. In this article, Michael
Riethmuller will show you how.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Grid Example](https://codepen.io/bjpcjp/pen/PewoNN)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/PewoNN-512.jpg?version=1524105663)](https://codepen.io/bjpcjp/pen/PewoNN)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to the CSS Grid Layout With
Examples](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-css-grid-layout-with-examples--cms-25392)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/34/posts/25392/preview_image/grid-pre-7.png)](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-css-grid-layout-with-examples--cms-25392)

</div>

In this tutorial, I will cover the basics of the CSS grid layout with
example scenarios. CSS Grid is supported by almost all modern browsers
now, and it is ready to be used in production. Unlike...

</div>

</div>
