<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# cuda

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Writing Your First GPU Kernel in Python with Numba and CUDA -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/writing-your-first-gpu-kernel-in-python-with-numba-and-cuda)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/a-clean-vector-illustration-diagram-comp_Tz_o2ZHbQQanglazWiH3cw_IWJ0NepSQi6DkXbE8nWVYA.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/writing-your-first-gpu-kernel-in-python-with-numba-and-cuda)

</div>

80x Faster Python? Discover How One Line Turns Your Code Into a GPU
Beast!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Even Easier Introduction to CUDA (Updated) \| NVIDIA Technical
Blog](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/even-easier-introduction-cuda/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/CUDA-Blog-Image-1000x600-1.jpg)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/even-easier-introduction-cuda/)

</div>

A quick and easy introduction to CUDA programming for GPUs. This post
dives into CUDA C++ with a simple, step-by-step parallel programming
example.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding PTX, the Assembly Language of CUDA GPU Computing \|
NVIDIA Technical
Blog](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/understanding-ptx-the-assembly-language-of-cuda-gpu-computing/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/geometric-abstract.jpg)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/understanding-ptx-the-assembly-language-of-cuda-gpu-computing/)

</div>

Parallel thread execution (PTX) is a virtual machine instruction set
architecture that has been part of CUDA from its beginning. You can
think of PTX as the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[No Fooling With Voxel
Pooling](https://semiengineering.com/no-fooling-with-voxel-pooling/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Quadric_No-Fooling-with-Voxel-Pooling-fig2.webp?fit=624%2C259&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/no-fooling-with-voxel-pooling/)

</div>

Porting functions that don't exist in common graph manipulation tools to
an NPU.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[nvidia - Installing CUDA on Ubuntu 23.10 - libt5info not installable -
Ask](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1491254/installing-cuda-on-ubuntu-23-10-libt5info-not-installable)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/askubuntu/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=e16e1315edd6)](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1491254/installing-cuda-on-ubuntu-23-10-libt5info-not-installable)

</div>

Today I've installed from scratch Ubuntu 23.10 on my computer. After
having installed all the software I need, I tried to install CUDA from
the NVIDIA website, following their instructions: https://

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUTLASS 2.8](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cutlass)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/be9d3d5b1d055ebc4eb3cc89805038728bc1d72c92709f21789a8cd84e2fc374/NVIDIA/cutlass)](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cutlass)

</div>

CUDA Templates for Linear Algebra Subroutines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamic Control Flow in CUDA Graphs with Conditional
Nodes](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/dynamic-control-flow-in-cuda-graphs-with-conditional-nodes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/computational-graph-with-three-nodes.png)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/dynamic-control-flow-in-cuda-graphs-with-conditional-nodes)

</div>

CUDA Graphs can provide a significant performance increase, as the
driver is able to optimize execution using the complete description of
tasks and dependencies. Graphs provide incredible benefits for…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AMD Quietly Funded A Drop-In CUDA Implementation Built On ROCm: It's
Now Op](https://www.phoronix.com/review/radeon-cuda-zluda)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.phoronix.net/image.php?id=radeon-cuda-zluda&image=radeon_cuda_1)](https://www.phoronix.com/review/radeon-cuda-zluda)

</div>

While there have been efforts by AMD over the years to make it easier to
port codebases targeting NVIDIA's CUDA API to run atop HIP/ROCm, it
still requires work on the part of developers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How AMD May Get Across the CUDA
Moat](https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/10/05/how-amd-may-get-across-the-cuda-moat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.hpcwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/AMD-MI300A.png)](https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/10/05/how-amd-may-get-across-the-cuda-moat)

</div>

When discussing GenAI, the term "GPU" almost always enters the
conversation and the topic often moves toward performance and access.
Interestingly, the word "GPU" is assumed to mean "Nvidia" products. (As
an aside, the popular Nvidia hardware used in GenAI are not
technically...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Idiot-proof checklist for installation on Ubuntu 22.10? :
CUDA](https://www.reddit.com/r/CUDA/comments/157jzum/idiotproof_checklist_for_installation_on_ubuntu)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/157jzum)](https://www.reddit.com/r/CUDA/comments/157jzum/idiotproof_checklist_for_installation_on_ubuntu)

</div>

I've tried multiple ways to get CUDA running but can't past the driver
recognition problem (at least that's what I think the issue is). Surely…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUDA Quick Start
Guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-quick-start-guide/index.html)

</div>

Minimal first-steps instructions to get CUDA running on a standard
system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUDA Toolkit 12.0 Released for General
Availability](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/cuda-toolkit-12-0-released-for-general-availability)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/cuda-image-16x9-1.jpg)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/cuda-toolkit-12-0-released-for-general-availability)

</div>

NVIDIA announces the newest CUDA Toolkit software release, 12.0. This
release is the first major release in many years and it focuses on new
programming models and CUDA application acceleration…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUDA by Numba
Examples](https://towardsdatascience.com/cuda-by-numba-examples-c583474124b0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*ZKaQL6AiJxOPe9Cgmt6-gg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/cuda-by-numba-examples-c583474124b0)

</div>

Follow this series to learn about CUDA programming from scratch with
Python. Part 4 of 4.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Custom C and CUDA Extensions — PyTorch Tutorials 1.7.0
documentation](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/advanced/cpp_extension.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[drivers - How do you install CUDA 11 on Ubuntu 20.10 and verify the
install](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1288672/how-do-you-install-cuda-11-on-ubuntu-20-10-and-verify-the-installation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/askubuntu/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=e16e1315edd6)](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1288672/how-do-you-install-cuda-11-on-ubuntu-20-10-and-verify-the-installation)

</div>

There seem be be several options to install CUDA on Ubuntu 20.10: It is
pre-bundled with 20.10, there are various installers at the official
NVIDIA page, etc. Question: What is a recommended way to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Start Locally \| PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pytorch.org/assets/images/social-share.jpg)](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUDA 11 Features Revealed \| NVIDIA Developer
Blog](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/cuda-11-features-revealed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/cuda-11-2.jpg)](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/cuda-11-features-revealed)

</div>

The new NVIDIA A100 GPU based on the NVIDIA Ampere GPU architecture
delivers the greatest generational leap in accelerated computing. The
A100 GPU has revolutionary hardware capabilities and we’re…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Numba: High-Performance Python with CUDA
Acceleration](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/parallelforall/numba-python-cuda-acceleration)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/numba_blue_icon_rgb.png)](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/parallelforall/numba-python-cuda-acceleration)

</div>

Numba is an open-source Python compiler from Anaconda that can compile
Python code for high-performance execution on CUDA-capable GPUs or
multicore CPUs.

</div>

</div>
