<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# custsvc

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Founder’s Guide to Building a V1 of Customer
Success](https://review.firstround.com/founders-guide-building-customer-success/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2025/07/FirstRound_0to50_Focus_LI.png)](https://review.firstround.com/founders-guide-building-customer-success/)

</div>

A CS leader who has built the function from the ground up shares where
founders should start — from how to hire to the most important metrics
to track.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Hospitality Solution in Your
Business](https://commoncog.com/hospitality-solution-business)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2024/09/hospitality_solution_business.png)](https://commoncog.com/hospitality-solution-business)

</div>

A look at the main provocation of Will Guidara’s Unreasonable
Hospitality: that you can solve (certain) business problems with
hospitality, and that it only takes a little thoughtfulness to do so.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customer Satisfaction Analysis with
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Analyzing-Customer-Satisfaction-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Customer Satisfaction
Analysis with Python. Customer Satisfaction Analysis with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Apologize to a Customer When Something Goes
Wrong](https://hbr.org/2023/05/how-to-apologize-to-a-customer-when-something-goes-wrong)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2023/05/May23_05_1287266257.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2023/05/how-to-apologize-to-a-customer-when-something-goes-wrong)

</div>

Businesses are bound to make mistakes and disappoint their customers.
But how you build your apology message and your careful attention to
executing it appropriately can make the difference between losing those
customers or increasing their loyalty. When delivered well, your apology
message can improve the customer relationship to the point where it is
stronger than if the mistake had never happened — a phenomenon known as
the service recovery paradox. In this article, the author outlines five
steps for writing an effective apology message, and explains why it’s
important to share the apology process internally and with external
stakeholders. It not only shows vulnerability from the organization, but
also shows other customers that the company can be relied upon in times
of distress.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Magic of Knowing When to Use Concrete vs. Abstract Language - By
Jonah Berger - Behavioral
Scientist](https://behavioralscientist.org/the-magic-of-knowing-when-to-use-concrete-vs-abstract-language)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://behavioralscientist.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Screen-Shot-2023-03-13-at-12.16.34.png)](https://behavioralscientist.org/the-magic-of-knowing-when-to-use-concrete-vs-abstract-language)

</div>

When trying to make language either more concrete or more abstract, one
helpful approach is to focus on either the how or the why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Customer Service Examples from Online
Retailers](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/6-customer-service-examples-from-online-retailers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/6-Customer-Service-Examples-from-Online-Retailers.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/6-customer-service-examples-from-online-retailers)

</div>

Changing consumer expectations and advances in technology provide
merchants the opportunity to test customer support options. Many reduce
costs while improving shoppers' experiences.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why is it so hard to give Google
money?](https://paulbutler.org/2022/why-is-it-so-hard-to-give-google-money)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://r.moxy.social/ykZcSLKZUq/paulbutler/fb.png?date=July+26%2C+2022&title=Why+is+it+so+hard+to+give+Google+money%3F)](https://paulbutler.org/2022/why-is-it-so-hard-to-give-google-money)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Phrases of Amazing Customer Service - Mike
Michalowicz](http://www.mikemichalowicz.com/4-phrases-amazing-)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mikemichalowicz.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/customerservice-1.jpg)](http://www.mikemichalowicz.com/4-phrases-amazing-)

</div>

I’ve grown my companies by focusing on great customer service. We didn’t
always have the biggest names in business working at the firm, and we
sure couldn’t

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Phrases of Amazing Customer Service - Mike
Michalowicz](https://mikemichalowicz.com/4-phrases-amazing-customer-service)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mikemichalowicz.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/customerservice-1.jpg)](https://mikemichalowicz.com/4-phrases-amazing-customer-service)

</div>

I’ve grown my companies by focusing on great customer service. We didn’t
always have the biggest names in business working at the firm, and we
sure couldn’t

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nobody likes self-checkout. Here’s why it’s everywhere \| CNN
Business](https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/09/business/self-checkout-retail/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/200713163540-kroger-store-checkout-file-restricted.jpg?c=16x9&q=w_800,c_fill)](https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/09/business/self-checkout-retail/index.html)

</div>

Why has this problematic, unloved technology taken over retail?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beautiful People Don’t Always Win in the
Workplace](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/beautiful-people-don-t-always-win-in-the-workplace)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fpocket-syndicated-images.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farticles%2F4780%2F1592580478_file-20190926-51410-12m9akjcrop.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/beautiful-people-don-t-always-win-in-the-workplace)

</div>

Research shows how attractive employees can rub some customers the wrong
way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing Effective FAQ
Pages](http://sixrevisions.com/user-interface/designing-effective-faq-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Screenshot_15-2.png)](http://sixrevisions.com/user-interface/designing-effective-faq-pages)

</div>

Adding an FAQ page to your website? Here are some tips, strategies, and
things to avoid when designing an effective FAQ page!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: What is something you do for clients that consistently blows
them away? \| Hacker
News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13155589)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Giving a Shit as a Service](https://allenpike.com/2022/giving-a-shit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://allenpike.com/images/simple-opengraph-banner.png)](https://allenpike.com/2022/giving-a-shit)

</div>

A mental model for service businesses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Fresh Customer Service Ideas Worth
Stealing](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/a-great-support-portal)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://neilpatel.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/37signals-smiles.png)](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/a-great-support-portal)

</div>

If you want to make your customers happy, there are tactics you can use,
from handwritten notes to custom-made YouTube videos. Here are some
ideas you can steal.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Self-Service Kiosks Are Changing Customer
Behavior](https://hbr.org/2015/03/how-self-service-kiosks-are-changing-customer-behavior)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2015/03/MAR15_11_183295567.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2015/03/how-self-service-kiosks-are-changing-customer-behavior)

</div>

From ATMs to automated checkouts to fast food.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Busting Six Myths About Customer Loyalty
Programs](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/busting-six-myths-about-customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/hbswk_260.jpg)](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/busting-six-myths-about-customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

Low-margin retailers argue they can't afford customer loyalty programs,
but is that true? Rajiv Lal and Marcel Corstjens make the case that such
programs are profit-enhancing differentiators.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Don’t be a product person, be a
merchant](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/09/28/dont-be-a-product-person-be-a-merchant)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/img.tfd.com/hm/GIF/prime.gif?fit=440%2C330)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/09/28/dont-be-a-product-person-be-a-merchant)

</div>

Founders and product managers alike wear this proudly on their sleeves
(or twitter bios) The Ultimate Product Person – who loves products,
building products and sweating the details. Skim thr…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/26-customer-development-resources)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Help Scout Blog: Delight Your
Customers](https://www.helpscout.net/blog)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hs-marketing-contentful.imgix.net/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fp15sglj92v6o%2F24u9UwJp2D83yvm5fjaZM7%2F5e9685e3c2502b51fc1602e0f26f2b7c%2FBlog--meta-evolution.png?ixlib=gatsbySourceUrl-2.1.3&auto=format%2C%20compress&q=75&s=008d24af447096a231f4a5df2121f0f1)](https://www.helpscout.net/blog)

</div>

Get tips and advice on delivering exceptional customer service, engaging
and delighting your customers, and building a customer-centric company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 10 Magic Phrases of Customer
Service](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/226062)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.entrepreneur.com/content/3x2/2000/10-magic-phrases-of-customer-service.jpg?format=pjeg&auto=webp)](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/226062)

</div>

There are certain words that every customer wants to hear. Here's what
to say to win loyal customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Effective Customer Loyalty Programs for Small Businesses - Help
Scout](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hs-marketing-contentful.imgix.net/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fp15sglj92v6o%2F70vAzrUJEhHGQmrVhvU0V3%2F546e7b88f0d0c0c609ba93bca39bfc84%2Fcustomer-loyalty-programs.png?ixlib=gatsbySourceUrl-2.1.3&auto=format%2C%20compress&q=75&s=2be054e444a79212cd2589ac5eb5780a)](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

All you need to know about the benefits of customer loyalty programs for
small business + examples of 5 types of programs to consider.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 Types of Bad Customer Service (and How To Avoid Them) - Help
Scout](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/lackluster-support)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hs-marketing-contentful.imgix.net/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fp15sglj92v6o%2F5pssud4sCkYJDU81sOw23X%2F6bfb540f6f7e9ddbfed854bd9ed7b09c%2Fbad-customer-service.png?ixlib=gatsbySourceUrl-2.1.3&auto=format%2C%20compress&q=75&s=d943b3e03b3bce0bc23fea679b3f9400)](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/lackluster-support)

</div>

Read stories of spectacularly bad customer service, plus get some tips
for how to keep situations like these from happening at your company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The slippery slope of in product
messaging](https://matthewstrom.com/writing/wayfinding.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://matthewstrom.com/images/wayfinding-2.jpg)](https://matthewstrom.com/writing/wayfinding.html)

</div>

Instead of adding a sign, solve the problem

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Power of a Free
Popsicle](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/insights/power-free-popsicle)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/styles/1630x_variable/public/heath-freepopsicle-1630_1.jpg.webp?itok=88UcTvGJ)](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/insights/power-free-popsicle)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[If you Run a Small Business Park In the Back of the Parking
Lot](https://skyclerk.com/blog/if-you-run-a-small-business-park-in-the-back-of-the-parking-lot)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://skyclerk.com/images/blog/tons-of-cars.jpg)](https://skyclerk.com/blog/if-you-run-a-small-business-park-in-the-back-of-the-parking-lot)

</div>

As a rule of thumb business owners should be primarily focused on
delighting their customers in any way possible. Every subtle interaction
should be closely optimized for customer enchantment, and a decision as
simple as where to park your car can subconsciously attract or detract a
customer.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fixing a Tiny Corner of the Supply Chain « bunnie's
blog](https://www.bunniestudios.com/blog?p=6274)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The end of “click to subscribe, call to cancel”? One of the news
industry’s](https://www.niemanlab.org/2021/11/the-end-of-click-to-subscribe-call-to-cancel-one-of-the-news-industrys-favorite-retention-tactics-is-illegal-ftc-says)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.niemanlab.org/images/alexander-andrews-JYGnB9gTCls-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.niemanlab.org/2021/11/the-end-of-click-to-subscribe-call-to-cancel-one-of-the-news-industrys-favorite-retention-tactics-is-illegal-ftc-says)

</div>

Most U.S. news organizations won't let readers cancel online. The
Federal Trade Commission wants that to change.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Policy Pages, Done Well, Enhance a
Brand](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/policy-pages-done-well-enhance-a-brand)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Essential-ecommerce-policy-pages.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/policy-pages-done-well-enhance-a-brand)

</div>

Shoppers search an online store's policy pages for details on shipping,
returns, and more. Rarely are these vital pages engaging. But they
should be.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How brands are using TikTok as a channel for customer service and
product
f](https://digiday.com/marketing/how-brands-are-using-tiktok-as-a-channel-for-customer-service-and-product-feedback)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2020/05/tiktok.jpg)](https://digiday.com/marketing/how-brands-are-using-tiktok-as-a-channel-for-customer-service-and-product-feedback)

</div>

Brands have unsolicited feedback in their TikTok comments, allowing them
to answer customer questions, see trends, and make product changes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Complain and Get
Results](http://getpocket.com/explore/item/how-to-complain-and-get-results)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/9sWyVgQkhzEhXqDGhbjEfZ-1200-80.jpg)](http://getpocket.com/explore/item/how-to-complain-and-get-results)

</div>

Impersonal customer service makes it hard to get help. Here's the script
for success.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Principles for Responding to Customer
Reviews](https://hbr.org/2020/05/5-principles-for-responding-to-customer-reviews)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2020/05/May20_13_OnlineReviews.2-05-1024x576.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2020/05/5-principles-for-responding-to-customer-reviews)

</div>

In an age where customer word of mouth can quickly go viral, managers
can take five proactive actions to get the most lift out of their
customers’ good reviews and minimize the bad ones. For positive reviews,
managers should delay their response and–when they do respond– make sure
the response is generic and short. The authors found that more
customized responses — perceived as promotional and thus viewed as
disingenuous — negatively affected future reviews. For negative reviews,
it’s important to quickly respond to every one with a tailored solution
to the specific complaint.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use returns to build customer
loyalty](https://www.supplychaindive.com/spons/how-to-use-returns-to-build-customer-loyalty/564309)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.supplychaindive.com/imgproxy/ygO0phPAF1GPqw9lUZMLrrbAid5zRJ91tHzZhX1Wp54/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL1JldGFpbF9EaXZlX01ldGFwYWNrX1Byb21vdGVkX1N0b3J5X09jdG9iZXJfSW1hZ2UuanBn.webp)](https://www.supplychaindive.com/spons/how-to-use-returns-to-build-customer-loyalty/564309)

</div>

Returns are on the rise – here’s what you can do to make it your
competitive advantage.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why are your customers calling you
again?](https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/operations/our-insights/why-are-your-customers-calling-you-again)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/business%20functions/operations/our%20insights/why%20are%20your%20customers%20calling%20you%20again/hero-why-customers-calling.jpg)](https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/operations/our-insights/why-are-your-customers-calling-you-again)

</div>

Getting to the bottom of why customers keep calling your contact centers
can generate significant savings. And result in happier customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Counter Service Tipping: Who Gives? (Published
2019)](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/15/travel/ipad-tipping-gratuity.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2019/09/15/travel/15tipping/15tipping-largeHorizontalJumbo-v2.jpg?year=2019&h=684&w=1024&s=c639abf505cca8f96643046f6293ddb9d6f4ca23f63e701452cd7cba76e723dc&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/15/travel/ipad-tipping-gratuity.html)

</div>

Those customer-facing, touch-screen payment systems in restaurants are
confounding customers in the U.S. and beyond.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bodies in
Seats](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/19/18681845/facebook-moderator-interviews-video-trauma-ptsd-cognizant-tampa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/DzYttP-8dpaMxjG5LShPOeThoD4=/0x279:2040x1347/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/16352438/VRG_ILLO_3487_Social_004_2__1_.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/19/18681845/facebook-moderator-interviews-video-trauma-ptsd-cognizant-tampa)

</div>

"A sweatshop in America"

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The strength of a monopoly can be guessed at by calling customer
support](http://blogs.harvard.edu/bugeja/2018/09/16/the-strength-of-a-monopoly-can-be-guessed-at-by-the-quality-of-its-customer-support)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/archive.blogs.harvard.edu/bugeja/files/2018/09/cropped-small.jpg?fit=512%2C512&ssl=1)](http://blogs.harvard.edu/bugeja/2018/09/16/the-strength-of-a-monopoly-can-be-guessed-at-by-the-quality-of-its-customer-support)

</div>

If you were an alien hovering above planet earth on a quick visit and
trying to find out quickly which were its most dominant companies, you
could probably do worse than try to reach their customer…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Thank you
notes](http://pointsandfigures.com/2018/09/09/thank-you-notes)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Real Benefit of Amazon
Reviews](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/real-benefit-amazon-reviews)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/The-Real-Benefit-of-Amazon-Reviews.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/real-benefit-amazon-reviews)

</div>

I'm a longtime seller on Amazon's marketplace. I also mentor many
sellers and help brands to improve their marketplace sales. And I belong
to various

</div>

</div>
