<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# delegation

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Delegate More Effectively: Four
Approaches](https://sloanreview.mit.edu/article/how-to-delegate-more-effectively-four-approaches)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sloanreview.mit.edu/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Humberd-2400x1260-1-1200x630.jpg)](https://sloanreview.mit.edu/article/how-to-delegate-more-effectively-four-approaches)

</div>

Leaders’ delegation decisions should reflect the trust they have in both
their people and organizational processes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Book Review: Turn the Ship Around! How to Create Leadership at Every
Level](https://tubarksblog.com/2012/12/18/book-review-turn-the-ship-around-how-to-create-leadership-at-every-level)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tubarksblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Book-Review_-Turn-the-Ship-Around-How-to-Create-Leadership-at-Every-Level.jpg)](https://tubarksblog.com/2012/12/18/book-review-turn-the-ship-around-how-to-create-leadership-at-every-level)

</div>

I just had the pleasure of reading David Marquet's book, Turn the Ship
Around!: A True Story of Turning Followers into Leaders\*, and I have
been encouraging everyone I see

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Identify Leaders By Giving People Assignments - Brad
Feld](https://www.feld.com/archives/2014/12/identify-leaders-giving-people-assignments.html)

</div>

As the Boulder Startup Community evolved, I started to become inundated
with people who wanted to get involved. Some of these were locals while
others where people looking to move to Boulder, or who had recently
moved here. Some where people known to me while others were new
relationships. As the momentum, size, impact, and reach \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Be a Minimally Invasive
Manager](https://hbr.org/2013/10/be-a-minimally-invasive-manager)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/hbr_opengraph_940x490.png)](https://hbr.org/2013/10/be-a-minimally-invasive-manager)

</div>

It’s not your job to carry the ball, but to run interference for those
who do.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Anna
Shipman](https://www.annashipman.co.uk/jfdi/delegating-to-a-team.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.annashipman.co.uk/img/mediacard.jpeg)](https://www.annashipman.co.uk/jfdi/delegating-to-a-team.html)

</div>

Strategic technology leader

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Turn the Ship
Around](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BVrpO9qV7HnuFCc42wUTIbTRFCBN25mn3pKtimD2QXw/edit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/docs/AHkbwyKV_nZun-NE7opgSgjsKaHRMcbMfmYX_Qlg-OM4voOG1e3cq45WJut0tqQAuIeGzLmVIAkWi8lXDW1gxRjMpeyTPJz0m8pn2MONtPvHCEt0JXHBvLDo=w1200-h630-p)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BVrpO9qV7HnuFCc42wUTIbTRFCBN25mn3pKtimD2QXw/edit)

</div>

Adapted from:
https://tubarks.wordpress.com/2012/12/18/book-review-turn-the-ship-around-how-to-create-leadership-at-every-level/
Part I, Starting Over In Part I, Starting Over, Marquet talks about the
lessons learned prior to taking over command of the USS Santa Fe. The
USS Santa Fe was not his ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[To Be a Great Leader, You Have to Learn How to Delegate
Well](http://getpocket.com/explore/item/to-be-a-great-leader-you-have-to-learn-how-to-delegate-well)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2017/10/Apr21_01_200369357-001.jpg)](http://getpocket.com/explore/item/to-be-a-great-leader-you-have-to-learn-how-to-delegate-well)

</div>

One of the most difficult transitions for leaders to make is the shift
from doing to leading . As a new manager you can get away with holding
on to work. Peers and bosses may even admire your willingness to keep
“rolling up your sleeves” to execute tactical assignments. But as your
responsibilities become more complex, the difference between an
effective leader and a super-sized individual contributor with a
leader’s title is painfully evident. To raise the ceiling of your
leadership potential, you need to extend your presence through the
actions of others, engaging people so that they contribute their best
work to your shared priorities. To set the table for effective
delegation, make sure you express why something is important to you,
confirm that your expectations for the work have been clearly
communicated, ask how much of your involvement they need, and practice
saying no. Don’t let a focus on execution hold you back from the
big-picture work of leading. If you delegate with these principles in
mind, the work will get done, because the right people will be focused
on the right tasks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complete Guide to Delegation for
Leaders](https://betterhumans.coach.me/complete-guide-to-delegation-for-leaders-a8504021b884?source=rss----7038e003d060---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*zUc04TxD7bEuEOrGOrU2vA.jpeg)](https://betterhumans.coach.me/complete-guide-to-delegation-for-leaders-a8504021b884?source=rss----7038e003d060---4)

</div>

My earliest memories of delegation involve elementary school group
projects in which my classmates didn’t take the assignment seriously.
More often than not, this left me in the undesirable position…

</div>

</div>
