<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# design-patterns

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designingfortheweb](https://designingfortheweb.co.uk/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design Guidance: Principles, Patterns, Heuristics, and Team
Charters](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/design-guidance/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss-syndication)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Social-Card-Design-Guidance-opengraph.jpg)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/design-guidance/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss-syndication)

</div>

Design teams rely on a combination of principles, patterns, heuristics,
and charters to create consistent and usable experiences in a
collaborative way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Testing Visual Design: A Comprehensive
Guide](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/testing-visual-design/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Testing-Visual-Design_Opengraph.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/testing-visual-design/)

</div>

Use methods like 5-second testing, first-click testing, and preference
testing to gain insights into how users perceive your visual design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Anatomy of a Good Design: An Analysis of 4
Sites](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/why-does-a-design-look-good-part2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/TheAnatomyofaGoodDesign_Social-Post_2023.jpg)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/why-does-a-design-look-good-part2)

</div>

Visually pleasing designs use consistent type styles and spacing, create
a visual hierarchy, and utilize an underlying grid structure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Essential Design System
Components](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/design-system-components)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/design-system-components-1.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/design-system-components)

</div>

Learn about design system components. Deepen your knowledge of atomic
design and see how you can use it for product design. Enjoy!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Principles of Design Psychology Every UX Designer Should
Know](https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/01/7-principles-of-design-psychology-every-ux-designer-should-know.php)

</div>

Web magazine about user experience matters, providing insights and
inspiration for the user experience community

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Five Tools of Hedonic
Design](https://experimentalhistory.substack.com/p/the-five-tools-of-hedonic-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F0c5edbbb-66de-4cb7-ace1-ab6ff1752039_1590x1224.jpeg)](https://experimentalhistory.substack.com/p/the-five-tools-of-hedonic-design)

</div>

Hacking the happiness treadmill

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to design almost any UI element (list of ~58 articles of how to
properl](https://dev.to/daniel000/how-to-design-almost-any-ui-element-list-of-58-articles-of-how-to-properly-build-elements-in-terms-of-ui-and-ux-jl4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fa51vfbwc9s9o45m83afn.png)](https://dev.to/daniel000/how-to-design-almost-any-ui-element-list-of-58-articles-of-how-to-properly-build-elements-in-terms-of-ui-and-ux-jl4)

</div>

Buttons. 7 Basic Rules for Button Design by @101babich Button Design
Cheatsheet for...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hostile Patterns in Error
Messages](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/hostile-error-messages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Social_Posts-Megan_2_22.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/hostile-error-messages)

</div>

Premature error messages, aggressively styled fields, and unnecessarily
disruptive system-status messages feel bad-mannered and increase
cognitive load for users during otherwise simple tasks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Are Design Tokens?](https://www.uxpin.com/studio?p=36356)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Design-Tokens.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio?p=36356)

</div>

Learn more about design tokens and find out more about using them in
your product design process. See if you need them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Accessibility UX Best Practices – 8 Tactics for Web
Design](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/8-website-accessibility-best-practices-to-improve-ux)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/accessibility-best-practices.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/8-website-accessibility-best-practices-to-improve-ux)

</div>

Learn 8 accessibility hacks that will make your website suitable for a
variety of users, including those who have certain challenges.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design System Glossary – 34 Powerful Terms You Should
Know](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/design-system-glossary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/Design-system-glossary.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/design-system-glossary)

</div>

What is pattern library, UI kit, and brand voice? Learn all the terms
that you need to build and use a long-lasting design system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 5 Technology Trends in UX
Design](https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2022/09/top-5-technology-trends-in-ux-design.php)

</div>

Web magazine about user experience matters, providing insights and
inspiration for the user experience community

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Design Sprint — GV](http://www.gv.com/sprint)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.gv.com/sprint/img/preview.jpg)](http://www.gv.com/sprint)

</div>

The sprint is a 5-day process for answering critical business questions
through design, prototyping, and testing with customers. Learn to run
your own sprints, and read about our book on sprints.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bootstrap CSS is still the sh\*t. But we can make it
better.](https://dev.to/wes_walke/bootstrap-css-is-still-the-sht-but-we-can-make-it-better-1p6d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqd9qsb2pa6h8nm95lvfu.png)](https://dev.to/wes_walke/bootstrap-css-is-still-the-sht-but-we-can-make-it-better-1p6d)

</div>

Bootstrap is an amazing CSS framework for those who struggle with
design, css, or need to build...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/shocking-truth-about-graphics)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker News](https://webauthn.guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://webauthn.guide/dist/images/webauthn-meta-image.jpg)](https://webauthn.guide)

</div>

An introduction to Web Authentication (WebAuthn), the new API that can
replace passwords with strong authentication.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Perfect CTA Placement: Above-The-Fold Vs.
Below-The-Fold](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2022/06/perfect-cta-placement-above-the-fold-vs-below-the-fold)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/assets/posts/featured/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/featured_fold-scaled.jpeg?mtime=1663627723)](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2022/06/perfect-cta-placement-above-the-fold-vs-below-the-fold)

</div>

Should You Place a CTA Above the Fold? Experts in the design and digital
marketing world have frequently claimed that if you want to get the best
results with a CTA , you need to place it above the fold. Just look at
this landing page from Lyft, for instance, you immediately see what you
need to do…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The World's Most Satisfying Checkbox \| !Boring
Software](https://www.andy.works/words/the-most-satisfying-checkbox)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5f52cb73016fed9a30bb4d95/62955c8bdc82371283f7ae65_play3.jpg)](https://www.andy.works/words/the-most-satisfying-checkbox)

</div>

The Art of Game Feel (a.k.a Juice) in Product Design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 In-demand Marketing Skills for Your Design
CV](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/amy-hirschi-JaoVGh5aJ3E-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

In today’s tech-savvy world, being a great designer is not all about
being a whiz at tools such as Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator. The
job is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[You’re not still using “Read More” are
you?](https://blog.prototypr.io/youre-not-still-using-read-more-are-you-16466ae326e7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*jGDiGQElix8y2nn6uekgyg.png)](https://blog.prototypr.io/youre-not-still-using-read-more-are-you-16466ae326e7)

</div>

It’s probably not the first time you’ve heard that using links like
“Read More” or “Click Here” is bad practice. This topic has been…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[faif/python-patterns: A collection of design patterns/idioms in
Python](https://github.com/faif/python-patterns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/49564b8e04f7046c8a5a673981120e5038da528e082bceefe3d0b96b35778ad6/faif/python-patterns)](https://github.com/faif/python-patterns)

</div>

A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[479 ‘No Results Page’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-search/benchmark/page-types/no-search-results-page)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[658 ‘Receipt / Order Confirmation’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/receipt)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Trend Alert: What is Flat
Design?](https://www.designcontest.com/blog/trend-what-is-flat-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dc-prod-blog.sfo2.digitaloceanspaces.com/uploads/2013/07/flat-design-office-desk-02-preview-o.jpg)](https://www.designcontest.com/blog/trend-what-is-flat-design)

</div>

Flat design is a big trend right now when it comes to design projects
â€" from logos to letterhead to website design. And if you donâ€™t get
familiar with it, you might get left behind.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Catalog of Design
Patterns](https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/catalog)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://refactoring.guru/images/refactoring/social/facebook-share-preview.png?id=dbf9e98269595be86eb668f365be6868)](https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/catalog)

</div>

The catalog of design patterns grouped by intent, complexity, and
popularity. The catalog contains all classic design patterns and several
architectural patterns.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[814 ‘Search Field’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-search/benchmark/page-types/search-field)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[321 ‘Image Gallery Overlay’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/product-page/benchmark/page-designs/image-gallery-overlay)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[843 ‘Account Selection’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/account)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Annotation Is Now a Web Standard :
Hypothesis](https://hypothes.is/blog/annotation-is-now-a-web-standard)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://web.hypothes.is/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Screen-Shot-2017-02-27-at-7.26.06-AM.png)](https://hypothes.is/blog/annotation-is-now-a-web-standard)

</div>

Over the years, many have tried to bring us web annotations. On 23
February 2017, things took a giant leap forward when the W3C, the
standards body for the web, standardized annotation. Yesterday, on
February 23, things took a giant leap forward when the W3C, the
standards body for the Web, standardized annotation. Twenty four years
after Marc Andreessen first built collaborative annotation into Mosaic
and tested it on a few “guinea pigs” before turning it off, annotations
have finally become first-class citizens of the web.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[342 Mobile ‘Search Field’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/search-field)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beautiful
Reasons](https://medium.com/accurat-studio/beautiful-reasons-c1c6926ab7d7#.6stwta3w2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*RrpgiTywnmawnQBaFtmHSA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/accurat-studio/beautiful-reasons-c1c6926ab7d7#.6stwta3w2)

</div>

Towards New Aesthetics for Data Narratives

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Library of design inspiration examples & user flows from web apps •
Nicely](https://nicelydone.club)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.imgur.com/oKheXYV.jpg)](https://nicelydone.club)

</div>

Browse a curated design library of web app screens, UI components and
User flows from top SaaS web apps, inspiring product teams from leading
companies.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[359 Mobile ‘Product Lists’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/product-list)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Survey of Explore and Exploit
Interfaces](https://medium.com/quora-design/a-survey-of-explore-and-exploit-interfaces-68c61ebb2379#.90o5m6djg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Q3l1TEOXmGc26sbkgWgoPQ.png)](https://medium.com/quora-design/a-survey-of-explore-and-exploit-interfaces-68c61ebb2379#.90o5m6djg)

</div>

Some of the most popular apps today are highly personalized — everyone
sees content tailored to them. This is typically powered with…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 reasons why grid approach will improve your
design](https://learn.canva.com/learn/5-creative-design-ideas-using-grids)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://learn.canva.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/grid-design.png)](https://learn.canva.com/learn/5-creative-design-ideas-using-grids)

</div>

Master the use of grids and do wonders with your designs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[350 Mobile ‘Search Results’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/search-results)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Tooltips as
Microinteractions](http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2017/03/how-to-use-tooltips-as-microinteractions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/assets/posts/featured/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/54961/wdd.jpg?mtime=1676929111)](http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2017/03/how-to-use-tooltips-as-microinteractions)

</div>

They’re generally very helpful, clear-cut in their communication, and
unobtrusive, so users can do what the tooltips suggest without running
into any impediment.Looked at in this way, your average tooltip is
easily a micro interaction, as it helps users achieve a single task or
helps users…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[945 ‘Product List’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-product-lists/benchmark/page-types/product-list-category)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[233 Mobile ‘Billing Address’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/billing-details)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[UI-Patterns.com](http://ui-patterns.com)

</div>

User Interface Design Pattern Library. UI patterns for web designers.
See screenshot examples and learn how to do great design like the pros.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1236 ‘Main Navigation’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/homepage-and-category-usability/benchmark/page-types/drop-down-menu)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[257 Mobile ‘Category Page’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/category-page)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1024 ‘Search Results Page’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-product-lists/benchmark/page-types/product-list-search)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[330 Mobile ‘Delivery & Shipping Methods’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/shipping-method)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[18,000+ E-Commerce Design Examples Organized Across 62 Page Types –
Baymard Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-design-examples)

</div>

Every single one of the 18,000+ screenshots is annotated with highlights
of UX “violations” and “adherences” (i.e. what the page design does well
from a UX perspective, and what it does poorly).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The ultimate guide to proper use of animation in
UX](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ultimate-guide-to-proper-use-of-animation-in-ux-10bd98614fa9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Haa2NTc2-cKxUZ4BeFNlEQ.png)](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ultimate-guide-to-proper-use-of-animation-in-ux-10bd98614fa9)

</div>

Nowadays it’s hard to impress or even surprise with an interface
animation. It shows interactions between screens, explains how to use
the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[450 Mobile ‘Payment’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/payment)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[159 ‘Store Pickup’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/store-pickup)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[105 ‘Top-Level Navigation’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/homepage-and-category-usability/benchmark/page-types/top-level-navigation)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[207 ‘Address Validator’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/address-validator)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[UX Crash Course: User
Psychology](http://thehipperelement.com/post/87574750438/ux-crash-course-user-psychology)

</div>

My mission for 2014 was to get more people started in User Experience
(UX) Design. In January, hundreds of thousands of people did the
original UX Crash Course and it was translated into Spanish, Portuguese
and Korean by amazing volunteers. In May we continued with a User
Psychology lesson every day.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[522 ‘Sorting Tool’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-product-lists/benchmark/page-types/sorting-tool)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 things I wish every search box
did](https://blog.intercom.com/7-things-wish-every-search-did)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.intercomassets.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/search740.png)](https://blog.intercom.com/7-things-wish-every-search-did)

</div>

It’s one thing to say “let’s have search” and draw a box with a
magnifying glass on the right. It’s a whole other task to implement good
search.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[317 Mobile ‘Search Autocomplete’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/search-autocomplete)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[272 Mobile ‘Receipt’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/receipt)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1239 ‘Product Page’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/product-page/benchmark/page-designs/product-page)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[762 ‘Autocomplete Suggestions’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-search/benchmark/page-types/autocomplete-suggestions)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Explore the Book » Designing Web
Interfaces](http://designingwebinterfaces.com/explore)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1018 ‘Homepage’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/homepage-and-category-usability/benchmark/page-types/homepage)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[188 ‘Cross-Sells’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/cross-sell)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[887 ‘Cart’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/cart)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[429 Mobile ‘Homepages’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/homepage)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[458 ‘User Reviews Section’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/product-page/benchmark/page-designs/user-reviews-section)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[130 ‘Order Returns’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-design-examples/64-order-returns)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[340 ‘Newsletter Management’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-design-examples/61-newsletter-management)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1024 ‘Search Results Page’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/ecommerce-search/benchmark/page-types/search-results-page)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[653 Mobile ‘Navigation Menu’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/navigation-menu)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GoodUI](http://www.goodui.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://goodui.org/site/assets/files/1050/og-default-1.jpg)](http://www.goodui.org)

</div>

Reach higher conversions faster by repeating what worked for others and
avoiding what failed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[224 Mobile ‘Review Order’ Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/mcommerce-usability/benchmark/mobile-page-types/review-order)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1118 ‘Payment’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/payment)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[robinstickel/awesome-design-principles: ✨ A curated list of awesome
design
principles](https://github.com/robinstickel/awesome-design-principles)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/cc11583ab12e168ff5601499706f21dd5e6482fef26a17240d90f5b9ac9c199f/robinstickel/awesome-design-principles)](https://github.com/robinstickel/awesome-design-principles)

</div>

✨ A curated list of awesome design principles.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Design a Large Scale Responsive Site \| UX
Booth](http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/how-to-design-a-large-scale-responsive-site)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://uxbooth.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/large-scale-responsive-site-lead.jpg)](http://www.uxbooth.com/articles/how-to-design-a-large-scale-responsive-site)

</div>

In 2011, Elaine McVicar wrote an article describing the process of
designing one of the first complex responsive sites. Now that the
concept is no longer in its infancy, we're taking another look at how to
redesign a large scale responsive site.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Smart Interface Design Patterns In Your Pocket: Checklist Cards PDF —
Smashing
Magazine](https://smashingmagazine.com/2020/09/checklist-cards-re-release)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/0f038321-f095-4eee-b9bc-b6dbf66b7fb5/smashing-checklists-cards-box.png)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2020/09/checklist-cards-re-release)

</div>

Meet our Smart Interface Design Patterns Checklist Cards, a deck of 100
cards with questions to ask when designing and building any interface
component — carousel, hamburger, table, date picker, autocomplete,
slider, onboarding, pricing plans, authentication, web forms and many
others. Check the preview (PDF) and jump to description ↓

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[973 ‘Customer Info & Address’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/shipping-address)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home \| Laws of UX](https://lawsofux.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lawsofux.com/home/social.en.png)](https://lawsofux.com)

</div>

Laws of UX is a collection of best practices that designers can consider
when building user interfaces.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[802 ‘Delivery & Shipping Methods’ Design Examples – Baymard
Institute](https://baymard.com/checkout-usability/benchmark/step-type/delivery-options)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design Patterns
Cheat Sheet](https://dev.to/zenulabidin/design-patterns-cheat-sheet-32ed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fhaic9uw9m65qk0bkeo9b.jpeg)](https://dev.to/zenulabidin/design-patterns-cheat-sheet-32ed)

</div>

No matter which programming language you are proficient in, it is always
important that you know a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Headers: 5 Ways to Make Them
Better](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/sticky-headers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Sticky-Headers1_Social-Media-Posts_2021-33.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/sticky-headers)

</div>

Persistent headers can be useful to users if they are unobtrusive,
high-contrast, minimally animated, and fit user needs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Common Software Architectural Patterns in a
nutshell](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/10-common-software-architectural-patterns-in-a-nutshell-a0b47a1e9013)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1039/1*M22DR3WPqbWXWidYIq2GwA.png)](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/10-common-software-architectural-patterns-in-a-nutshell-a0b47a1e9013)

</div>

Ever wondered how large enterprise scale systems are designed? Before
major software development starts, we have to choose a suitable…

</div>

</div>
