<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# design

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Best Japanese Stationery To Achieve Peak Productivity: Ultimate List
For Next-Level
Efficiency](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/08/17/10-best-japanese-stationery-to-achieve-peak-productivity-ultimate-list-for-next-level-efficiency/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2025/08/10-best-japanese-stationery-to-achieve-peak-productivity-ultimate-list-for-next-level-efficiency/10_best_japanese_stationery_yanko_design_hero.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/08/17/10-best-japanese-stationery-to-achieve-peak-productivity-ultimate-list-for-next-level-efficiency/)

</div>

Back-to-school shopping usually means grabbing whatever's cheapest at
the campus bookstore, but Japanese stationery culture operates on a
completely different level. While you're stocking up on basic supplies,
Japanese designers are obsessing over how every tiny detail can make
your semester smoother, more enjoyable, and genuinely more productive.
It's the difference between tools that barely

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Pages — A Curated Gallery of Pricing Page
Designs](https://pricingpages.design/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/689668ab1aaf9433c413496a/6899c68afc269da2e4141637_2532.webp)](https://pricingpages.design/)

</div>

Discover handpicked pricing page examples from SaaS companies, ecommerce
brands, and digital agencies. Find design inspiration for your next
pricing page design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Canva skills are what people hiring graphic designers increasingly want
to
see](https://www.fastcompany.com/91334811/canva-skills-hiring-graphic-design-job-designers-increasingly-want-to-see?partner=rss&utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_webp,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms-2/2025/05/p-1-91334811-premium-canva-skills-are-what-people-hiring-graphic-designers-increasingly-want-to-see.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/91334811/canva-skills-hiring-graphic-design-job-designers-increasingly-want-to-see?partner=rss&utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss)

</div>

Canva, once maligned by the design industry, is becoming a standard.
Mentions of it in graphic design job listings are way up this year.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ChatGPT - Affordance in
Design](https://chatgpt.com/share/6838b897-6850-8008-a6cd-74aaa0814fe8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.oaistatic.com/assets/chatgpt-share-og-u7j5uyao.webp)](https://chatgpt.com/share/6838b897-6850-8008-a6cd-74aaa0814fe8)

</div>

Shared via ChatGPT

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tools and resources our designers are using right
now](https://feed.thoughtbot.com/link/24077/17005377/tools-and-resources-our-designers-are-using-right-now)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2pbWFbowe7qa_design-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&blend-mode=normal&blend-x=0&blend-y=0&blend=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.prismic.io%2Fthoughtbot-website%2FZ1tQFZbqstJ98cGR_design.png&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0tMTUmdHh0LXRyYWNrPTAmdHh0NjQ9Vkc5dmJITWdZVzVrSUhKbGMyOTFjbU5sY3lCdmRYSWdaR1Z6YVdkdVpYSnpJR0Z5WlNCMWMybHVaeUJ5YVdkb2RDQnViM2MlM0QmdHh0Y2xyPWY1ZjVmNSZ0eHRmb250PUlCTVBsZXhTYW5zSlAtU2VtaUJvbGQmdHh0cGFkPTAmdHh0c2l6ZT03NiZ3PTgwMA%3D%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Vendela+Colavecchio)](https://feed.thoughtbot.com/link/24077/17005377/tools-and-resources-our-designers-are-using-right-now)

</div>

A list of what tools and resources are most relevant for our designers
right now.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://speckyboy.com/glow-effects-css-javascript/>

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/css-glow-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/glow-effects-css-javascript/)

</div>

Glow effects are a design staple, adding style and setting the mood.
Here’s a collection of CSS and JavaScript snippets for creating those
stunning glow effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[uchū — the color palette for internet lovers](https://uchu.style/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://uchu.style/asset/image/og.png)](https://uchu.style/)

</div>

uchū is the color palette for internet lovers, by NetOperator Wibby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It’s Time To Retire ‘Millennial Grey’ – Why The Neutral Interior Color
Desperately Needs To Go - Yanko
Design](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/26/its-time-to-retire-millennial-grey-why-the-neutral-interior-color-desperately-needs-to-go/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=its-time-to-retire-millennial-grey-why-the-neutral-interior-color-desperately-needs-to-go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2025/01/its-time-to-retire-millennial-grey-why-the-neutral-interior-color-desperately-needs-to-go/time_to_retire_millennial_grey_1.jpeg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/26/its-time-to-retire-millennial-grey-why-the-neutral-interior-color-desperately-needs-to-go/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=its-time-to-retire-millennial-grey-why-the-neutral-interior-color-desperately-needs-to-go)

</div>

For a hot minute, gray was everywhere. Not just a little bit here and
there—gray dominated. Gray walls, gray furniture, gray kitchen cabinets,
gray exteriors. It was the unofficial uniform of home design in the
2010s, with its cold yet "modern" vibe signaling minimalism,
sophistication, and, well, the ability to stage a house for resale.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I Can’t Stop Thinking About Lenovo’s Brilliant Modular Mouse Concept at
CES 2025 - Yanko
Design](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/11/i-cant-stop-thinking-about-lenovos-brilliant-modular-mouse-concept-at-ces-2025/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=i-cant-stop-thinking-about-lenovos-brilliant-modular-mouse-concept-at-ces-2025)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2025/01/i-cant-stop-thinking-about-lenovos-brilliant-modular-mouse-concept-at-ces-2025/lenovo_adaptx_mouse_poc_ces_2025_1.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/11/i-cant-stop-thinking-about-lenovos-brilliant-modular-mouse-concept-at-ces-2025/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=i-cant-stop-thinking-about-lenovos-brilliant-modular-mouse-concept-at-ces-2025)

</div>

You go to a tech expo like CES expecting to be absolutely wowed by
phones, laptops, GPUs, cars, and all sorts of prominent product
categories. I went to CES 2025 and was wowed by a mouse... yes, a
wireless mouse that connects to your computer. Designed by the folks at
Lenovo, the AdaptX Mouse easily

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sustainable Chic: Exploring the 10 Timeless Principles of Scandinavian
Product Design - Yanko
Design](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/05/sustainable-chic-exploring-the-10-timeless-principles-of-scandinavian-product-design/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=sustainable-chic-exploring-the-10-timeless-principles-of-scandinavian-product-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2025/01/sustainable-chic-exploring-the-10-timeless-aesthetics-of-scandinavian-product-design/Scandinavian-Product-Design_4.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2025/01/05/sustainable-chic-exploring-the-10-timeless-principles-of-scandinavian-product-design/?utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=sustainable-chic-exploring-the-10-timeless-principles-of-scandinavian-product-design)

</div>

Scandinavian product design is celebrated for its functionality,
minimalist aesthetics, and natural beauty. At its core, this design
philosophy emphasizes simplicity and the harmonious integration of form
and function. The use of clean lines, uncluttered spaces, and neutral
color palettes reflects a cultural appreciation for minimalism and
practicality. Scandinavian design often incorporates elements of nature,

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why UX is more important than
UI](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/why-ux-is-more-important-than-ui)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2pbWFbowe7qa_design-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&blend-mode=normal&blend-x=0&blend-y=0&blend=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.prismic.io%2Fthoughtbot-website%2FZ1tQFZbqstJ98cGR_design.png&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0tMTUmdHh0LXRyYWNrPTAmdHh0NjQ9VjJoNUlGVllJR2x6SUcxdmNtVWdhVzF3YjNKMFlXNTBJSFJvWVc0Z1ZVayUzRCZ0eHRjbHI9ZjVmNWY1JnR4dGZvbnQ9SUJNUGxleFNhbnNKUC1TZW1pQm9sZCZ0eHRwYWQ9MCZ0eHRzaXplPTc2Jnc9ODAw&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Bethan+Ashley)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/why-ux-is-more-important-than-ui)

</div>

“I want to make it pop!”, but not at the expense of your customer
experience. Here’s why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[20+ Best Coupon & Voucher Print Templates –
Speckyboy](https://speckyboy.com/coupon-voucher-print-templates/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://speckyboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/voucher-thumb.jpg)](https://speckyboy.com/coupon-voucher-print-templates/)

</div>

A collection of professional and easy-to-customize coupon and voucher
print templates. We have templates for Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator,
and Figma.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond the Basics: Top 10 Cutting-Edge Trends in Stationery Design -
Yanko
Design](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/10/31/beyond-the-basics-top-10-cutting-edge-trends-in-stationery-design/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2024/10/beyond-the-basics-top-10-cutting-edge-trends-in-stationery-design/00-cutting-edge-stationery-1.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/10/31/beyond-the-basics-top-10-cutting-edge-trends-in-stationery-design/)

</div>

Stationery remains essential, adapting to global trends like
sustainability, and minimalism, and bridging the gap between digital and
analog domains. With technological advancements, stationery for school
and office settings is progressing towards smarter, sustainable
products, transforming traditional items into symbols of productivity
and creativity. This transformation underscores a fusion of innovation
and timeless design, enhancing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[About Us](https://calamityware.com/pages/about-us-1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://calamityware.com/cdn/shop/files/SwirlCat_Logo_1200x.jpg?v=1675372150)](https://calamityware.com/pages/about-us-1)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ttt30ga/awesome-product-design: A collection of bookmarks, resources,
artic](https://github.com/ttt30ga/awesome-product-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/94201255/87243438-a503-4d40-ae01-54dcbcb345e2)](https://github.com/ttt30ga/awesome-product-design)

</div>

A collection of bookmarks, resources, articles for product designers. -
ttt30ga/awesome-product-design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complicated Sticks](https://fasterandworse.com/complicated-sticks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fasterandworse.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/complicated-sticks-opengraph.png)](https://fasterandworse.com/complicated-sticks)

</div>

Potential in place of purpose is what separates an iPad from an iPod,
blockchains from databases, and generative AI from text editors. The
more complex the product, the more potential it has to have potential.
The more it can distract from it's own lack of usefulness.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Amazing Psychology of Japanese Train
Stations](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-amazing-psychology-of-japanese-train-stations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fpocket-syndicated-images%2Farticles%2F870%2F1567530224_direct.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-amazing-psychology-of-japanese-train-stations)

</div>

The nation’s famed mastery of rail travel has been aided by some subtle
behavioral tricks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create With Data](http://d3indepth.com)

</div>

true

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Jesmonite and Why is it Gaining Popularity in Contemporary
Product](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/04/20/what-is-jesmonite-and-why-is-it-gaining-popularity-in-contemporary-product-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2024/04/what-is-jesmonite-and-why-is-it-gaining-popularity-in-contemporary-product-design/00-jesmonite.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2024/04/20/what-is-jesmonite-and-why-is-it-gaining-popularity-in-contemporary-product-design)

</div>

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81hX8WAdNXs Jesmonite, a flexible
substance crafted from a fusion of gypsum sourced from sedimentary rock
and water-based acrylic resin, is gaining popularity among artists,
eco-conscious enterprises, and DIY enthusiasts. This material emerged in
the UK in 1984 and is credited to Peter Hawkins. Jesmonite is known for
its durability, flame resistance, and impact resistance, is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Color Inspiration Hacks Revealed by Web Design
Experts ](https://www.noupe.com/design/color-inspiration-hacks.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/dulcey-lima-Xg6SXt-rV3k-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/design/color-inspiration-hacks.html)

</div>

Unlock creativity with ten expert-recommended color inspiration hacks
for Web Design. Boost your projects with these tips from industry
leaders and design pros.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Paper Lanterns, Party Lights, Wedding &
Decoration](https://www.paperlanternstore.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.paperlanternstore.com/cdn/shop/files/PLS_Logo_Final_v2_resized_5903062c-67a9-42e4-991a-acf8d790163b_1200x.png?v=1688000932)](https://www.paperlanternstore.com)

</div>

Paper Lantern Store is the world's LARGEST online shop for paper
lanterns, with thousands colors and styles! Free Shipping on orders over
\$99! Shop party string lights, wedding decor and more at guaranteed LOW
prices. Find party supplies, star lanterns, parasols and to make your
event or celebration unforgettable!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Cool CodePen Demos
(June 2023)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-june-2023-3g58)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ftfw3mg1mfnyng0ca29pp.png)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-june-2023-3g58)

</div>

A collection of 10 cool and exciting front-end demos shared on CodePen
during June 2023

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Tips for Shaping Product Aesthetics with UI Mood
Boards](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/ui-mood-board)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Creating-Moodboards-for-Perfecting-Product-Aesthetics-min.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/ui-mood-board)

</div>

Discover what UI moodboards are and learn how they can help you perfect
product aesthetics. Get our do's and dont's of UI mood board.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Cookie Jars Capture American
Kitsch](https://www.eater.com/23651631/cookie-jar-trend-appreciation-collecting-history?src=longreads)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/fx2vFljTVP-h-fmx2wJK8s-L12Y=/0x26:1600x864/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/24527768/23.3_CookieJars.png)](https://www.eater.com/23651631/cookie-jar-trend-appreciation-collecting-history?src=longreads)

</div>

The cookie jar continues to be a vessel for cheeky self expression, if
not for cookies themselves.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual design rules you can safely follow every
time](https://anthonyhobday.com/sideprojects/saferules)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Five Tools of Hedonic
Design](https://experimentalhistory.substack.com/p/the-five-tools-of-hedonic-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F0c5edbbb-66de-4cb7-ace1-ab6ff1752039_1590x1224.jpeg)](https://experimentalhistory.substack.com/p/the-five-tools-of-hedonic-design)

</div>

Hacking the happiness treadmill

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Custom Logo Design Services. Professional Logos
Online](https://99designs.com/logo-design)

</div>

Get a professional logo from the \#1 choice for logo design. Original
designs. Award-winning designers. Real human customer service. Quality
guaranteed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Durable Design](http://exple.tive.org/blarg/2017/09/13/durable-design)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Playful Power of Card Design
UI](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/card-design-ui)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/card-design-UI.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/card-design-ui)

</div>

Learn the pros/cons and best practices for card design UI, a popular
interface design elements. Plenty of examples included, so dive in!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Figma Alternatives for UI & UX Designers - Stack
Diary](https://stackdiary.com/figma-alternatives)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://stackdiary.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/Figma-Alternatives.png)](https://stackdiary.com/figma-alternatives)

</div>

Interested in Figma alternatives? This article covers the best choices
for professional UI & UX designers. Free and paid.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Obsessive Pleasures of Mechanical-Keyboard
Tinkerers](https://www.newyorker.com/tech/annals-of-technology/the-obsessive-pleasures-of-mechanical-keyboard-tinkerers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/6303a1b8c6d24e2ca4669fa2/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/Owen_Keyboard_Fanatics_social.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/tech/annals-of-technology/the-obsessive-pleasures-of-mechanical-keyboard-tinkerers)

</div>

On the right machine, typing can be like playing a Steinway grand. Is
tactile perfection possible?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Design of Everyday Things — Book Summary &
Notes](https://elvischidera.com/2022-06-24-design-everyday-things)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://elvischidera.com/static/7a9a580560b00deda4031601b71e44d4/a6c62/banner.jpg)](https://elvischidera.com/2022-06-24-design-everyday-things)

</div>

This is my summary and notes from The Design of Everyday Things by Don
Norman. Please use the link if you decide to buy the book after…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Life in Motion: A Guide to Animating Mobile Data
Visualizations](https://www.toptal.com/designers/data-visualization/mobile-data-visualization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8960963/og_image/optimized/OPEN_GRAPH-250a33f570ae7e108e07179a3897d211.png)](https://www.toptal.com/designers/data-visualization/mobile-data-visualization)

</div>

Animation can help people make sense of all the data at their
fingertips.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Eye-Catching Typography To Get More
Leads](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/typography-to-get-more-leads.html)

</div>

Noupe passionately delivers stylish and dynamic news for designers and
Web developers across the globe on all subjects of design; ranging from
CSS, Photography, JavaScript, Web design, Graphics, Typography and much
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An inside look at how Figma ships
product](https://coda.io/@yuhki/figma-product-roadmap)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://codaio.imgix.net/docs/IcElaeG4_u/blobs/bl-pt2QzdXm7B/6c0b4c7e7a8b4bbe110b43e68f233a778ab5392bd3c63d7a75483a97f290e03e331a3197d5de1918d99d0d63d3ee57dad608adf1a5f90e41a4249db9e1ebd4f92b5e3e533729870132f6598ee3f0e9a0972888dcaea0e693818a156c0e1ee9629efb0165?fit=crop&ar=1.91%3A1&fm=jpg)](https://coda.io/@yuhki/figma-product-roadmap)

</div>

Designing the fastest way to keep an entire company up-to-date on our
roadmap using a Coda doc and a bit of social engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make great
schemas](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-great-schemas-4940e4951a44)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*yr7wF_A5RY57Mdpa2lUuiQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-great-schemas-4940e4951a44)

</div>

Tips and trick for creating well-crafted schemas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://designschool.canva.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/04/How-To-Design-a-Memorable-Brand-That-Catches-On.pdf>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[UX vs. UI: Guide to Distinguishing User Experience and User Interface
Desig](https://www.noupe.com/design/ux-vs-ui.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/karl-solano-rBrt9YV_SaE-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/design/ux-vs-ui.html)

</div>

Read this guide to learn how to Distinguish between User Experience and
User Interface Design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Best SaaS Landing page examples I’ve seen (+ their secrets for
conversion)](https://www.cortes.design/post/best-saas-landing-page-examples-inspiration)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5ad4d2cefbca002c45d6ef59/5bdf17bd2ba4084e1f7865e0_Best%20SaaS%20Landing%20pages.jpg)](https://www.cortes.design/post/best-saas-landing-page-examples-inspiration)

</div>

SaaS Landing page inspiration is usually "pretty" but not
conversion/result driven so in this article, I compiled the best SaaS
Landing pages examples I've seen and broke-down their secrets for
conversions!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How We Redesigned Our Product in Less Than a
Week](https://thenextweb.com/dd/2014/09/04/google-ventures-design-process#.tnw_APhnod9G)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2014%2F09%2Fdesign-notes.jpg&signature=ab02a9a4be8065075a091b93fd0c5627)](https://thenextweb.com/dd/2014/09/04/google-ventures-design-process#.tnw_APhnod9G)

</div>

The 6-step process is an adapted version of the process Google Ventures
taught us. It's applicable whether you’re a startup or a Fortune 500
company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designers take note: a freemium version of Photoshop is in the
works](https://www.yankodesign.com/2022/06/16/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2022/06/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works/photoshop-web-0.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2022/06/16/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works)

</div>

Adobe Photoshop is still the king of the graphics software industry, by
name if not in practice. It is still the bread and butter of artists,
designers, illustrators, and creatives, even when there are more focused
applications available, like ones for making comics or manga, for
example. Despite its popularity, getting legitimate access to Photoshop

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 In-demand Marketing Skills for Your Design
CV](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/amy-hirschi-JaoVGh5aJ3E-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/inspiration/in-demand-marketing-skills-for-your-design-cv.html)

</div>

In today’s tech-savvy world, being a great designer is not all about
being a whiz at tools such as Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator. The
job is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[You’re not still using “Read More” are
you?](https://blog.prototypr.io/youre-not-still-using-read-more-are-you-16466ae326e7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*jGDiGQElix8y2nn6uekgyg.png)](https://blog.prototypr.io/youre-not-still-using-read-more-are-you-16466ae326e7)

</div>

It’s probably not the first time you’ve heard that using links like
“Read More” or “Click Here” is bad practice. This topic has been…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Beautiful Color Gradients using
CSS](https://dev.to/devash98/15-beautiful-colour-gradients-using-css-4em1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fjojcoiwwnmw37inqcnd7.png)](https://dev.to/devash98/15-beautiful-colour-gradients-using-css-4em1)

</div>

👋, I am here with another list. In this post I have enlisted 15
aesthetic color gradients using CSS...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Style Tiles](http://styletil.es)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://styletil.es/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/header-300x73.png)](http://styletil.es)

</div>

A Style Tile is a design deliverable consisting of fonts, colors and
interface elements that communicates the evolution of a visual brand for
the web. Learn how to use them here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google's six rules for great data design - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/90369607/googles-six-rules-for-great-data-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2019/06/p-2-90369607-see-googleand8217s-six-rules-for-great-data-design.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90369607/googles-six-rules-for-great-data-design)

</div>

Google's data viz team, formed just last year, has put out best
practices for designing charts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[gztchan/awesome-design: 🌟 Curated design resources from all over the
world.](https://github.com/gztchan/awesome-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/0ffb835b4f5b67420e7e4c094aedfdf09e61f68cb76f206fda74e25b3d83b3f3/gztchan/awesome-design)](https://github.com/gztchan/awesome-design)

</div>

🌟 Curated design resources from all over the world. -
gztchan/awesome-design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Tips - Marko Denic - Web
Developer](https://markodenic.com/css-tips)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://markodenic.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Discuss-product-requirements-e1613893235653.png)](https://markodenic.com/css-tips)

</div>

CSS tips and tricks you will not see in most tutorials.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic Color
Theory](https://www.colormatters.com/color-and-design/basic-color-theory)

</div>

Color theory encompasses a multitude of definitions, concepts and design
applications. Basic concepts. The Color Wheel, Color Harmony,Color
Context

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Interactive: The secret to hotel room design is part art, part
science](https://qz.com/1489900/interactive-the-secret-to-hotel-room-design-is-part-art-part-science)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.kinja-img.com/image/upload/c_fill,h_675,pg_1,q_80,w_1200/e655cd970365e2ba14a9c67c348a0197.jpg)](https://qz.com/1489900/interactive-the-secret-to-hotel-room-design-is-part-art-part-science)

</div>

There’s more than meets the eye to room design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Smashing
Newsletter](https://mailchi.mp/smashingmagazine/339-modern-css-techniques?e=01c6bebc27)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://volument.com/blog/minimalism-the-most-undervalued-development-skill>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Role of Doubt in Design](https://matthewstrom.com/writing/doubt)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://matthewstrom.com/images/doubt.png)](https://matthewstrom.com/writing/doubt)

</div>

When to ask questions, and when to have answers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Great Sites for UI Design
Patterns](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/10-great-sites-for-ui-design-patterns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://public-images.interaction-design.org/og-images/article/b3d7acced9e38bfdba2d32cefe4520b2.jpg)](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/10-great-sites-for-ui-design-patterns)

</div>

We’ve put together a list of some of the best places to find UI design
patterns on the web—so you don’t have to spend your whole life
redesigning the wheel.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Japanese Web Design Is So…
Different](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://randomwire.com/wp-content/uploads/rakuten-ichiba.png)](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building Your Color Palette - Refactoring
UI](https://refactoringui.com/previews/building-your-color-palette)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://refactoringui.com/img/homepage/og-image.png)](https://refactoringui.com/previews/building-your-color-palette)

</div>

Learn how to design awesome UIs by yourself using specific tactics
explained from a developer's point-of-view.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to design better
buttons](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2019/12/23/how-to-design-better-buttons)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2019%2F12%2FCopy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-...-5.png&signature=5f758f534c41b1a833cfb11cfe4d53f7)](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2019/12/23/how-to-design-better-buttons)

</div>

A button is an interactive element that results in the action described
on it. If it says “save” on a button, clicking it will most likely
“save” something. It’s also one of the most important interactive
elements of any digital product. It

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://mobilejazz.com/blog/dark-patterns-in-design/](https://mobilejazz.com/blog/dark-patterns-in-design)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Weber’s Law - NeuroLogica
Blog](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/webers-law)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/08/weberplot.gif)](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/webers-law)

</div>

I confess I have never heard (or at least don't remember ever hearing)
about Weber's Law (pronouned vayber) until reading about it with this
news item. It is the Law of Just Noticeable Differences. It deals with
the minimum difference in a stimulus necessary to notice. While clearly
established, and there are many hypotheses to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Elements of UI Engineering —
overreacted](https://overreacted.io/the-elements-of-ui-engineering)

</div>

What makes UI engineering difficult?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Rules for Creating Gorgeous UI (Part
2)](https://medium.com/erikdkennedy/7-rules-for-creating-gorgeous-ui-part-2-430de537ba96)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fM8Ji2M_oTcDs7obS7jsTw.png)](https://medium.com/erikdkennedy/7-rules-for-creating-gorgeous-ui-part-2-430de537ba96)

</div>

A guide to visual aesthetics, written by a nerd

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Eight Habits of Expert Software Designers: An Illustrated
Guide](https://thereader.mitpress.mit.edu/habits-of-expert-software-designers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thereader.mitpress.mit.edu/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/final-desk.png)](https://thereader.mitpress.mit.edu/habits-of-expert-software-designers)

</div>

The best designers employ specific habits, learned practices, and
observed principles when they work. Here are a few of them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[UX Crash Course: User
Psychology](http://thehipperelement.com/post/87574750438/ux-crash-course-user-psychology)

</div>

My mission for 2014 was to get more people started in User Experience
(UX) Design. In January, hundreds of thousands of people did the
original UX Crash Course and it was translated into Spanish, Portuguese
and Korean by amazing volunteers. In May we continued with a User
Psychology lesson every day.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Want to ditch Pinterest? Here are the best alternatives for visual
inspiration - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2020/09/p-1-90547531-take-pinterest-off-your-mood-board-these-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspo.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration)

</div>

If the recent discrimination allegations against Pinterest are leaving
you uninspired (if not quesy), here are some great alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to design a logo: 15 pro
tips](https://www.creativebloq.com/graphic-design/pro-guide-logo-design-21221)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/4r6pTADZfojNbqEx2t3PCe-1200-80.jpg)](https://www.creativebloq.com/graphic-design/pro-guide-logo-design-21221)

</div>

The golden rules of how to design a logo for successful branding, from
the idea to implementation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Never use the word “User” in your
code](https://codewithoutrules.com/2018/09/21/users-considered-harmful)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://codewithoutrules.com/assets/titles/users-considered-harmful.png)](https://codewithoutrules.com/2018/09/21/users-considered-harmful)

</div>

You’re six months into a project when you realize a tiny, simple
assumption you made at the start was completely wrong. And now you need
to fix the problem while keeping the existing system running—with far
more effort than it would’ve taken if you’d just gotten it right in the
first place. Today I’d like to tell you about one common mistake, a
single word that will cause you endless trouble. I am speaking, of
course, about “users”. There are two basic problems with this word:
“User” is almost never a good description of your requirements. “User”
encourages a fundamental security design flaw. The concept “user” is
dangerously vague, and you will almost always be better off using more
accurate terminology.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Brilliant Barcode
Designs](https://designyoutrust.com/2020/12/brilliant-barcode-designs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://designyoutrust.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/1111-23.jpg)](https://designyoutrust.com/2020/12/brilliant-barcode-designs)

</div>

Barcodes are so common and frequent that we do not even notice them
anymore. From now on, we’re going to be more attentive to them, because
it turns out that sometimes they’re quite brilliant and very creative.
h/t: sadnaduseless

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Great products do less, but
better](https://uxdesign.cc/great-products-do-less-things-but-better-5dde0ee3fc76)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*tmcYX3yHNkGPOnN7.png)](https://uxdesign.cc/great-products-do-less-things-but-better-5dde0ee3fc76)

</div>

When feature bloat can hurt more than help your business goals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What You Need to Know About Negotiating Design Ideas with Skeptical
Customers](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-negotiating-design-ideas-with-skeptical-customers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Header_Negotiating_1200x600px.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-you-need-to-know-about-negotiating-design-ideas-with-skeptical-customers)

</div>

A fully interactive prototype created in UXPin can reduce confusion on
expectations as both you and the customer are visualizing the same end
product.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual Design:
Glossary](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/visual-design-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/Opengraph_visual-design-glossary.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/visual-design-cheat-sheet)

</div>

Use this glossary to quickly clarify key terms and concepts related to
visual design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[In Defense of Post-its](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/post-it-in-ux)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/In_Defense_of_Post-its4.jpg)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/post-it-in-ux)

</div>

Sticky notes strengthen team dynamics and represent an egalitarian,
concise means for expressing ideas in UX design projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Tips for Building a Visual
Language](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2018/11/10-tips-for-building-a-visual-language)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/assets/posts/featured/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/54961/wdd.jpg?mtime=1676929111)](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2018/11/10-tips-for-building-a-visual-language)

</div>

A visual language is just like any other form of communication. Elements
from color to style to type of photos or illustrations establish what a
brand or company is. A visual language includes both the written and
spoken elements of a website or brand, as well as every design
technique, photo,…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-end Developer Handbook 2019 - Learn the entire JavaScript, CSS
and HTML development
practice!](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019/assets/images/FM_2019Cover_small.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

A guide for front-end developers to equip themselves with latest
learning resources and development tools in front-end engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Color Picker — A handy design tool from Color
Supply](https://colorsupplyyy.com/app)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://colorsupplyyy.com/color-picker-wheel-hex-code.jpg)](https://colorsupplyyy.com/app)

</div>

Use the color wheel to select a style you like. Then pick a hex code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Stack](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://every-layout.dev/images/card.png)](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

A composable CSS layout primitive.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A huge list of web design
tools](https://dev.to/rezaulkarim/a-huge-list-of-web-design-tools-40ab)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fboa4eoxq606mpu9cqqnc.jpg)](https://dev.to/rezaulkarim/a-huge-list-of-web-design-tools-40ab)

</div>

This is a very big list of Web Design tools for designers. If you want
improve your skills and be a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Super easy CSS Shapes for
beginners](https://dev.to/metajunaid/10-super-easy-css-shapes-for-beginners-19kf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F89ou2ank61a635tx3elp.JPG)](https://dev.to/metajunaid/10-super-easy-css-shapes-for-beginners-19kf)

</div>

Hello there, In this post we will be talking about creating basic shapes
in HTML & CSS. Many...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[60 Awesome UI and UX resources for Developers and Designers
2021](https://dev.to/coderwatch/60-awesome-ui-and-ux-resources-for-developers-and-designers-2021-202)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fz2gvauqqb2o66pd4y7al.png)](https://dev.to/coderwatch/60-awesome-ui-and-ux-resources-for-developers-and-designers-2021-202)

</div>

Yearning organizers, genuine solopreneurs, and sprouting visual creators
all need a convincing...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Japan Didn’t Create the iPod
(2008)](https://blog.gatunka.com/2008/05/05/why-japan-didnt-create-the-ipod)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is an Affinity Diagram and How It Can Help
You](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/affinity-diagram)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/What-is-an-Affinity-Diagram.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/affinity-diagram)

</div>

Affinity diagrams are especially helpful in the design process. See how
this method can help you organize and plan product ideas.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing the Smallest Possible
Thing](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/designing-the-smallest-possible-thing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://public-images.interaction-design.org/og-images/article/4c4f5ca495de98b90a9bcf4c5182a287.jpg)](https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/designing-the-smallest-possible-thing)

</div>

If designers want to get more agile, they should learn how to make small
things, get feedback and embrace experimentation, iteration and
refactoring.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Line Spacing: The Fine Line Between Good and Bad UX
Design](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/hmtl-line-spacing-good-bad)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/HTML-Line-Spacing.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/hmtl-line-spacing-good-bad)

</div>

HTML line spacing matters in UX design. Read all you need to know about
line height and how it can help your UX.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The UX of video game tutorials. What decisions a designer will run
into…
\|](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ux-of-video-game-tutorials-7e7bc37e2ceb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:815/1*kBh7IYrrJGdSoq6tfgtggA.gif)](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ux-of-video-game-tutorials-7e7bc37e2ceb)

</div>

What decisions a designer will run into while designing learning
experiences.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Testimonial Page Examples for UX/UI
Design](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/testimonial-page-examples)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/4-Testimonial-Page-Examples.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/testimonial-page-examples)

</div>

In these testimonial page examples, you’ll see how UX designers help
clients provide social proof for their products and services.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improving The Performance Of An Online Store (Case
Study)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2021/06/front-end-performance-online-store-jewellerybox)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/8a350bf5-9114-420c-b587-fee03ea4acb6/jewellerybox-uk-online-store-scipioerp.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2021/06/front-end-performance-online-store-jewellerybox)

</div>

Getting a good performance score from Google is hard for any website —
but doing so for an online store is even harder. We achieved green
scores — even several for mobile. Here is how we did it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Advanced CSS Techniques To Master In
2021](https://dev.to/nimritee12/15-advanced-css-techniques-to-master-in-2021-1g9d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fissnpq0gw956xq0ybri0.png)](https://dev.to/nimritee12/15-advanced-css-techniques-to-master-in-2021-1g9d)

</div>

CSS is used to describe how HTML elements should be presented on the web
page. CSS can not only...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS Flexbox in 5
Minutes](https://dev.to/terrythreatt/css-flexbox-in-5-minutes-1fcl)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fr76hf0pnliq0rc1d2ndz.png)](https://dev.to/terrythreatt/css-flexbox-in-5-minutes-1fcl)

</div>

What is CSS Flexbox CSS Flexbox is a one-dimensional layout module that
can be used to mak...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Aspect Ratios: All You Need to
Know](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/aspect-ratio)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Aspect-ratios.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/aspect-ratio)

</div>

Learn all about aspect ratios in UX/UI design, including how they affect
images, videos, and responsive layouts across devices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Details on - Google
Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hvnPpsJo44BTPfJx28CV95vqk_dt6na1awUbk0kmZYM/edit#slide=id.g3e31444916_0_115)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using for Menus and Dialogs is an Interesting Idea \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/283765)](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

Using for a menu may be an interesting idea, but perhaps not something
to actually ship in production. See "More Details on "

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Awesome CSS
Resources](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/10-awesome-css-resources-14mh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fof6mzn79o2kahcw2pw1w.jpg)](https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/10-awesome-css-resources-14mh)

</div>

A list of few CSS resource that help me design the CSS code better. I
will give you a brief intro to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create Awesome Product Card \| UI Design \| E-commerce Card \| Using
Only
Html](https://dev.to/ahmadbassamemran/create-awesome-product-card-ui-design-e-commerce-card-using-only-html5-css3-553p)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F783bky4dxguatfbhr98y.jpg)](https://dev.to/ahmadbassamemran/create-awesome-product-card-ui-design-e-commerce-card-using-only-html5-css3-553p)

</div>

Please do not forget to subscribe in my channel:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Card \| Using Only Html5 &
CSS3](https://codepen.io/ahmadbassamemran/pen/GRryraq)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/GRryraq-512.jpg?version=1633330604)](https://codepen.io/ahmadbassamemran/pen/GRryraq)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Taxonomies: Connecting Users to
Content](https://boxesandarrows.com/taxonomies-connecting-users-to-content)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://boxesandarrows.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/kobu-agency-7okkFhxrxNw-unsplash-scaled.jpg)](https://boxesandarrows.com/taxonomies-connecting-users-to-content)

</div>

Taxonomies may be thought of as hierarchies of categories to group and
organize information to be found when browsing, or as a structured set
of terms used to tag content so that it can be retrieved efficiently and
accurately. Sometimes the same taxonomy may serve both purposes, and
sometimes two different taxonomies are used, one for each purpose, for
the same content or site. Taxonomies are not new, in fact  there has
been a lot written about them, including an

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Overlay Fact Sheet](https://overlayfactsheet.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Benefits of Using a Random Name
Generator](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/random-name-generator)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/The-Rules-of-Material-Design-copy-1.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/random-name-generator)

</div>

Do you need to make a prototype for a website or app? The effectiveness
of these random name generator benefits may surprise you.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Psychology Principles Every Designer Should
Know](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2021/03/15-psychology-principles-every-designer-should-know)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/assets/posts/featured/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/54961/wdd.jpg?mtime=1676929111)](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2021/03/15-psychology-principles-every-designer-should-know)

</div>

As a web designer, you’re not really in the business of building
websites that your clients will love. I know that may seem
counterintuitive, but think about how vast the differences often are
between your clients’ personal aesthetics and what actually works to
turn visitors into customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Eat an Elephant, One Atomic Concept at a Time -
kwokchain](https://kwokchain.com/2021/02/05/atomic-concepts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/kwokchain.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/image-1.png?fit=800%2C559&ssl=1)](https://kwokchain.com/2021/02/05/atomic-concepts)

</div>

How Figma and Canva are taking on Adobe—and winning In 2010, Photoshop
was ubiquitous. Whether you were editing a photo, making a poster, or
designing a website, it happened in Photoshop.  Today, Adobe looks
incredibly strong. They’ve had spectacular stock performance, thanks to
clear-eyed management who’ve made bold bets that have paid off. Their
transition … Continue reading How to Eat an Elephant, One Atomic Concept
at a Time →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[17 Free Design Tools for
2021](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/free-design-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/thumb2.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/free-design-tools)

</div>

We update our rundown of free design tools every year. This 2022
installment includes apps for web design, logos, fonts, color palettes,
photo and video resources, and much more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Patterns — Gordon Brander](http://gordonbrander.com/pattern)

</div>

This is my bag of tricks — loose notes, design patterns, rules-of-thumb,
tools, cheatsheets, gimmicks, leverage points, descriptions of systems,
key questions, risks, and unknowns.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bookshelf — Gordon Brander](http://gordonbrander.com/lib)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ultimate CSS Reference
Guide](https://dev.to/alexmercedcoder/ultimate-css-reference-guide-30nk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fwmrt85hrvn38e2l4l6ci.png)](https://dev.to/alexmercedcoder/ultimate-css-reference-guide-30nk)

</div>

What is this guide? This guide will be a compilation of several bits
about CSS syntax and...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[On snot and fonts / Luc Devroye](http://luc.devroye.org/fonts.html)

</div>

An encyclopedic site about typefaces and type design, managed by Luc
Devroye

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Front-End unit
testing](https://dev.to/christopherkade/introduction-to-front-end-unit-testing-510n)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fthepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2F5xg0fh3ah0scn502jo9q.png)](https://dev.to/christopherkade/introduction-to-front-end-unit-testing-510n)

</div>

An introduction meant for people who have never delved into unit testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[People AI Guidebook \| PAIR](https://pair.withgoogle.com/guidebook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pair.withgoogle.com/guidebook/images/gbv2-social.png)](https://pair.withgoogle.com/guidebook)

</div>

A toolkit for teams building human-centered AI products.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The cheap pen that changed writing
forever](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20201028-history-of-the-ballpoint-pen)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p08wq96d.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20201028-history-of-the-ballpoint-pen)

</div>

Fountain pens were a stylish statement but messy and impractical. Their
replacement was a stroke of design genius perfectly in time for the era
of mass production.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Brief History of the Lawn
Chair](https://www.valetmag.com/living/gear/2020/aluminum-webbed-lawn-chair-history-062220.php)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://valetmag.com/gr/daily/living/gear/aluminum_webbed_lawn_chair_history_062220/art-768x424.jpg)](https://www.valetmag.com/living/gear/2020/aluminum-webbed-lawn-chair-history-062220.php)

</div>

How a simple aluminum chair became an American icon.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Vintage Beauty Of Soviet Control
Rooms](https://designyoutrust.com/2018/01/vintage-beauty-soviet-control-rooms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://designyoutrust.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/21-10.jpg)](https://designyoutrust.com/2018/01/vintage-beauty-soviet-control-rooms)

</div>

Just for the pleasure, a selection of vintage control rooms dating back
to the Soviet era! A beautiful collection of control rooms filled with
large buttons and analog dials, long before the democratization of
computers and screens. More info: Present And Correct

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design You Trust - The Source Of
Inspiration](https://designyoutrust.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Phuoc Nguyen’s One Page
Wonders](https://css-tricks.com/phuoc-nguyens-one-page-wonders)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/308076)](https://css-tricks.com/phuoc-nguyens-one-page-wonders)

</div>

I keep running across these super useful one page sites, and they keep
being by the same person! Like this one with over 100 vanilla JavaScript
DOM

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating a floating label using HTML and
CSS](https://dev.to/bipinrajbhar/creating-a-floating-label-using-html-and-css-2edn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fjvhvs1f1piiqknbxjdo8.gif)](https://dev.to/bipinrajbhar/creating-a-floating-label-using-html-and-css-2edn)

</div>

Hello everyone 👋, I hope you are doing great. So, Today we are going to
learn how to create a floati...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lee
Robinson](https://leerob.io/blog/how-stripe-designs-beautiful-websites)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://leerob.com/opengraph-image.png?48197077839ee922)](https://leerob.io/blog/how-stripe-designs-beautiful-websites)

</div>

Frontend developer, optimist, community builder.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Infinite Scroll](https://infinite-scroll.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://infinite-scroll.com/img/infinite-scroll-illo.png)](https://infinite-scroll.com)

</div>

New! JavaScript and jQuery plugin to automatically add next pages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Figma's Features for the Entire Design Process \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/designers/figma/figma-features)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/9645164/og_image/optimized/image_15-cb305f7406ebde16f69a42abe8e8415e.png)](https://www.toptal.com/designers/figma/figma-features)

</div>

Can one program handle the entire digital product design process? Learn
how Figma, a web-based design tool, promotes collaboration, iteration,
and documentation throughout the design process. \#product \#mobile
\#app \#design \#digital \#ui \#ux

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Untold Story of the Vegetable Peeler That Changed the
World](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-untold-story-of-the-vegetable-peeler-that-changed-the-world)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fpocket-syndicated-images.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farticles%2F1027%2F1621987878_GettyImages-1218981896.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-untold-story-of-the-vegetable-peeler-that-changed-the-world)

</div>

The origin story of one of the great icons of 20th-century industrial
design.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best Technology Posts of
2019](https://design-milk.com/best-technology-posts-of-2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://design-milk.com/images/2019/06/e-scooters-2019.jpg)](https://design-milk.com/best-technology-posts-of-2019)

</div>

Technology changes faster than the blink of an eye which is why we share
the latest tech gear we can find and now we're sharing this year's most
popular.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sketch Cloud](https://sketch.cloud/signup)

</div>

Sketch is the home for your entire collaborative design process. From
early ideas to pixel-perfect artwork, playable prototypes and developer
handoff. It all starts here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Surprising Psychology of Dieting and Plate
Design](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-surprising-psychology-of-dieting-and-plate-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fpocket-syndicated-images.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farticles%2F2571%2F1621987938_GettyImages-82567330.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-surprising-psychology-of-dieting-and-plate-design)

</div>

New research is challenging long-held assumptions about how our eyes
influence our stomachs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ColorBox by Lyft Design](https://www.colorbox.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://colorbox.io/image.png)](https://www.colorbox.io)

</div>

Create amazing color sets superfast.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design Psychology and the Neuroscience of Awesome UX \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/designers/ux/design-psychology-neuroscience-of-ux?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_zNeJi-nMFwZFtF5HQe0cjOXBFyeWCO1z28Y1LwLqPmgbLhSWVs-VnpR7dMLimd8SNrImV2lmwoQEwu0AvhXBcHLliMg&_hsmi=70119670)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8959511/og_image/optimized/design-psychology-neuroscience-of-ux-19d2229e978c099c6083f5ba40449aea.png)](https://www.toptal.com/designers/ux/design-psychology-neuroscience-of-ux?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_zNeJi-nMFwZFtF5HQe0cjOXBFyeWCO1z28Y1LwLqPmgbLhSWVs-VnpR7dMLimd8SNrImV2lmwoQEwu0AvhXBcHLliMg&_hsmi=70119670)

</div>

Human cognition is complex, and many factors play into instant
impressions. Design psychology is coming to the forefront as more and
more companies are using neuroscience to design better user experiences.
Great user experience design isn’t magic—it’s science.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Practical Guide To SVG And Design
Tools](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/05/svg-design-tools-practical-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/fa93b5c7-29cc-440e-815f-5cedd34d4b5d/guide-svg-design-tools.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/05/svg-design-tools-practical-guide)

</div>

To make the best of SVG, it’s useful not only to learn its syntax but
also to understand how SVG is generated by graphic design software.
Let’s take a closer look at the process of generating SVG with popular
design apps and how we can use them to our own advantage. In this post,
Mikolaj Dobrucki will shed light on three of the most popular design
tools: Adobe Illustrator, Sketch, and Figma. There are also other tools
available supporting SVG that may have other functionalities and
implement other solutions. This article should be enough to deal with
the most common use cases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Value of Inconvenient
Design](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=4a2af742cb&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:1200:632/g:fp:0.48:0.42/1*cBuZaP2W0POnuo-Nfg2r4g.jpeg)](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=4a2af742cb&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

Technology makes seemingly inconvenient tasks easier — but at what cost?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The principle of design
principles](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=4c79e0bc87&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*GFrWA_MPizZWifixE7dY3w.jpeg)](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=4c79e0bc87&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

Your team’s not dysfunctional – you just need shared principles.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[See Google's first guidelines for data
visualization](https://www.fastcompany.com/90369607/googles-six-rules-for-great-data-design?partner=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2019/06/p-2-90369607-see-googleand8217s-six-rules-for-great-data-design.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90369607/googles-six-rules-for-great-data-design?partner=rss)

</div>

Google's data viz team, formed just last year, has put out best
practices for designing charts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Feature design checklist – UX
Collective](https://uxdesign.cc/feature-design-checklist-93ee5be66fae?goal=0_d9e2d04969-b31f0f876b-349136175&mc_cid=b31f0f876b&mc_eid=e535b3326a&ref=weekly.ui-patterns.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*muP5ATzG4uudR4jLUk25Ag.png)](https://uxdesign.cc/feature-design-checklist-93ee5be66fae?goal=0_d9e2d04969-b31f0f876b-349136175&mc_cid=b31f0f876b&mc_eid=e535b3326a&ref=weekly.ui-patterns.com)

</div>

Questions that ensure you consider e̶v̶e̶r̶y̶t̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ a few things when
designing a new feature.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[LisaDziuba/Awesome-Design-Tools: The best design tools for everything
?](https://github.com/LisaDziuba/Awesome-Design-Tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/47202ff5a71ed6a6e135090077a0ecf76ab00feee35944a913c5c38811fe7f02/goabstract/Awesome-Design-Tools)](https://github.com/LisaDziuba/Awesome-Design-Tools)

</div>

The best design tools and plugins for everything 👉 -
goabstract/Awesome-Design-Tools

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kognise/water.css: A drop-in collection of CSS styles to make simple
websites just a little nicer](https://github.com/kognise/water.css)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/179574410/54cd7e80-6142-11e9-8f2e-c3774582a097)](https://github.com/kognise/water.css)

</div>

A drop-in collection of CSS styles to make simple websites just a little
nicer - kognise/water.css

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Steps to Understand & Influence User Behavior: A Deep
Dive](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=760191059d&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datocms-assets.com/16499/1571503812-coverwhitebg.png?auto=format)](https://ui-patterns.us10.list-manage.com/track/click?e=e535b3326a&id=760191059d&u=52822308d355dc96a394ce489)

</div>

Understanding user behavior is key to understanding how users interact
with your product. Here are 15 steps to analyze & change their
interactions to your benefit.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This is the most interesting UI design of the year so
far](https://www.fastcompany.com/90265609/this-interface-clears-your-cookies-when-you-wipe-your-screen?partner=feedburner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2018/11/p-1-90265609-this-interface-wipes-your-cookies-when-you-clean-your-screen.gif)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90265609/this-interface-clears-your-cookies-when-you-wipe-your-screen?partner=feedburner)

</div>

What if clearing trackers was as easy as cleaning your computer screen?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Psychology of
Design](https://alistapart.com/article/psychology-of-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/alistapart.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/psychology-of-design.jpg?fit=1200%2C510&ssl=1)](https://alistapart.com/article/psychology-of-design)

</div>

As humans, we have an underlying “blueprint” for how we perceive and
process the world around us, and the study of psychology helps us define
this blueprint. And as designers, we can leverage psych…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A 200-year-old guide to color, redesigned for the internet age - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/90239248/a-200-year-old-guide-to-color-redesigned-for-the-internet-age)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2018/09/p-1-90239248-a-200-year-old-guide-to-color-redesigned-for-the-internet-age.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90239248/a-200-year-old-guide-to-color-redesigned-for-the-internet-age)

</div>

Charles Darwin used it, and now so can you.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tractors in 2040 sure look
intense](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/09/24/tractors-in-2040-sure-look-intense)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/09/tractors-in-2040-sure-look-intense/valtra_tractor_layout.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/09/24/tractors-in-2040-sure-look-intense)

</div>

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIArDsmsLp4 I never thought I'd say
this, but I actually prefer this tractor concept over my own car...
errr... almost any car, for that matter. It's called the Valtra H202 and
it'll put your hooptie to shame! Designed as part of the Valtra Design
Challenge, the vision is for the year 2040. As clean as

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Embedding behaviour into
design](https://medium.com/@keithlang/embedding-behaviour-into-design-f54c1f3d788d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*W3Yy7Cx67NNU5FsGGvDsyA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@keithlang/embedding-behaviour-into-design-f54c1f3d788d)

</div>

This story starts with me shopping in my local hardware supplies store.
I was walking into the store and saw a stack of beer coolers. It…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Looking Glass makes sci-fi movie-style holograms a
reality](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/26/the-looking-glass-makes-sci-fi-movie-style-holograms-a-reality)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/08/199722/looking_glass_2.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/26/the-looking-glass-makes-sci-fi-movie-style-holograms-a-reality)

</div>

The disclaimer at the very beginning of the video should be indication
enough that the things you are about to see will blow your minds away.
After decades of watching 3D holographic projections in movies like the
Star Wars franchise, a Kickstarter project is bringing the promise of
three-dimensional virtual imagery to life. No VR/AR

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home Audio Like You’ve Never Heard (Or Seen)
It](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/22/home-audio-like-youve-never-heard-or-seen-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/08/home-audio-like-youve-never-heard-or-seen-it/wind_soundbar_layout.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/22/home-audio-like-youve-never-heard-or-seen-it)

</div>

Designer Chanmi Lee rethinks home entertainment in an all-new,
never-before-seen format known as the Wind Sound Bar. Don't be confused
by the name, however... this is anything but the sound bar you're
probably imagining. The design adopts a shape similar to that of a
trumpet or other wind instrument - a familiar form for an

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This deck of cards will spark small, IRL
experiences](https://boingboing.net/2018/08/21/this-deck-of-cards-will-spark.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Lively-Matter-by-Lea-Redmond-1.jpg?fit=680%2C511&ssl=1)](https://boingboing.net/2018/08/21/this-deck-of-cards-will-spark.html)

</div>

The fabulous Lea Redmond of Leafcutter Designs (previously) has launched
a brand new project. It's called Lively Matter and it's a 52-card
activity deck to create grand adventures and experiences…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Over and Under
Speaker](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/04/the-over-and-under-speaker)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/08/the-over-and-under-speaker/aloft_speaker_01.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/04/the-over-and-under-speaker)

</div>

Whoever said wireless audio had to "sit" hasn't seen the Aloft speaker
by designer Hyeonil Jeong. The alternative design explores an entirely
new way to save valuable counter or desk space. It's A-shaped form and
easy-to-install, built-in hanging bracket makes it possible to tuck it
under a shelf or ledge. Being wedged underneath one of

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Cast That Doesn’t Suck as
Much](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/05/a-cast-that-doesnt-suck-as-much)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/07/a-cast-that-doesnt-suck-as-much/cocoon_caster_layout.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/05/a-cast-that-doesnt-suck-as-much)

</div>

If you've ever broken a bone, chances are you remember just how
inconvenient it was to have a heavy, itchy, not-so-hygienic cast. It's
almost as bad as the broken bone itself! Tung-Jun Yang's proposal,
called Cocoon, is an all-new type of cast that aims to be lighter, more
breathable, more durable, and quicker-to-set than the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rolls-Royce made miniature robot minions to perform jet-engine
inspection](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/10/rolls-royce-made-miniature-robot-minions-to-perform-jet-engine-inspection)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/08/rolls-royce-made-miniature-robot-minions-to-perform-jet-engine-surveillance/rolls_royce_swarm_1.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/08/10/rolls-royce-made-miniature-robot-minions-to-perform-jet-engine-inspection)

</div>

An innovation you'd completely expect from a Hollywood spy flick,
Rolls-Royce has designed tiny robots called SWARM that get deployed
within their jet engines to run reconnaissance and inspections. A part
of RR's IntelligentEngine program, the SWARM get deployed into intricate
parts of the engine, giving engineers real-time feedback on performance,
wear-tear, etc. The visual

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The multibillion-dollar war over chocolate
design](https://www.fastcompany.com/90212219/the-multi-billion-dollar-war-over-chocolate-design?partner=feedburner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2018/08/p-2-90212219-the-multi-billion-dollar-war-over-chocolate-design.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90212219/the-multi-billion-dollar-war-over-chocolate-design?partner=feedburner)

</div>

A fight in EU courts over KitKat bars raises questions about how much a
product's shape defines its brand.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Infinite
Memo](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/07/30/the-infinite-memo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/07/the-infinite-memo/wemo_wearable_memo_layout.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/07/30/the-infinite-memo)

</div>

From the makers of this incredibly clever wearable memo, the Wemo is
back with an entirely new look. The Wemo 2 takes on a flat form that you
can stick on any surface, transforming it into a doodle or memo pad in
seconds. Slap it on your laptop to take notes during meets or on

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Awesome Sass Libraries You Should Know
About](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tutorialzine.com/media/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries.png)](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

We share with you a collection of interesting Sass libraries that you
should check out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Power Tools With Undeniable
Style](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/05/24/power-tools-with-undeniable-style)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/05/salley_power_tool_layout.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/05/24/power-tools-with-undeniable-style)

</div>

While a power tool’s primary goal is functionality, there isn’t a reason
as to why it can’t be a little more pleasant to look at! The Salley
Power Tools set is made up of two devices, a cordless driver and a
compact jig saw, both of which share the same core brand values:
unambiguous style,

</div>

</div>
