<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# disruption

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tired of Streaming? Home-Grown 'Free Blockbuster' Libraries Are Trying
to
O](https://entertainment.slashdot.org/story/24/03/24/2245210/tired-of-streaming-home-grown-free-blockbuster-libraries-are-trying-to-offer-alternatives)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/movies_64.png)](https://entertainment.slashdot.org/story/24/03/24/2245210/tired-of-streaming-home-grown-free-blockbuster-libraries-are-trying-to-offer-alternatives)

</div>

In 2019 Los Angeles film/TV producer Brian Morrison painted
Blockbuster's logo onto an old newspaper box — and then filled it up
with used DVDs. "The Free Blockbuster movement slowly gained traction,"
reports the New York Times — aided at times by social media — "and
eventually m...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This forest generates billions of dollars without felling a single
tree](https://www.washingtonpost.com/climate-solutions/2024/02/03/cork-sustainable-material)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/KDKV7MUYQJMO4WJKP5E3XFLPZE.jpg&w=1440)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/climate-solutions/2024/02/03/cork-sustainable-material)

</div>

Cork oaks are making homes warmer, cars lighter and clothes
biodegradable — while still feeding the birds and absorbing carbon.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Disruptive Innovation](https://claytonchristensen.com/key-concepts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://claytonchristensen.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/graph1.jpg)](https://claytonchristensen.com/key-concepts)

</div>

Some examples of disruptive innovation include: Disruptor Disruptee
Personal computers Mainframe and mini computers Mini mills Integrated
steel mills Cellular phones Fixed line telephony Community colleges
Four-year colleges Discount retailers Full-service department stores
Retail medical clinics Traditional doctor’s offices       As companies
tend to innovate faster than their customers’ needs evolve, most \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Platform Disruption Is So Much Bigger than Product
Disruption](https://hbr.org/2016/04/why-platform-disruption-is-so-much-bigger-than-product-disruption)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2016/04/apr16-08-49976762.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2016/04/why-platform-disruption-is-so-much-bigger-than-product-disruption)

</div>

New products change what we buy, but new platforms have much broader
effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Businesses That Platforms Are Actually
Disrupting](https://hbr.org/2016/09/the-businesses-that-platforms-are-actually-disrupting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2016/09/sept16-21-553240875.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2016/09/the-businesses-that-platforms-are-actually-disrupting)

</div>

Probably not the ones you think.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Procter & Gamble Is More Disruptive Than
You](https://medium.com/@kavinstewart/why-procter-gamble-is-more-disruptive-than-you-613c3aba3811#.epcp5n4h4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*CdahsSdz_97BN7KKqEYU8A.png)](https://medium.com/@kavinstewart/why-procter-gamble-is-more-disruptive-than-you-613c3aba3811#.epcp5n4h4)

</div>

When people in tech talk about disruption and customer development, the
typical picture that pops to mind is a couple of plucky young…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Disruption](https://stratechery.com/2015/beyond-disruption)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/stratechery.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/IMG_0011.png?fit=1200%2C878&ssl=1)](https://stratechery.com/2015/beyond-disruption)

</div>

Clayton Christensen claims that Uber is not disruptive, and he’s exactly
right. In fact, disruption theory often doesn’t make sense when it comes
to understanding how companies succeed …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Every Company Is Up For Disruption, So Keep Your Products Simple \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2013/01/19/every-company-is-up-for-disruption-so-keep-your-products-simple)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/perceptual-map.png)](https://techcrunch.com/2013/01/19/every-company-is-up-for-disruption-so-keep-your-products-simple)

</div>

Editor's note: Victor Belfor is the vice president of business
development at Influitive. He recently started angel investing and
mentoring at 500 startups. As products mature, companies continue to
compete in heated battles with their competitors by adding more features
and more functionality. However, a lot of customers would prefer fewer
features because extra features tend to make products clunky and
difficult to use. Still, companies become feature-producing machines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dollar Shave Club and the Disruption of
Everything](https://stratechery.com/2016/dollar-shave-club-and-the-disruption-of-everything)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/stratechery.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/cropped-android-chrome-512x512-1.png?fit=512%2C512&ssl=1)](https://stratechery.com/2016/dollar-shave-club-and-the-disruption-of-everything)

</div>

Dollar Shave Club is a textbook example of how the new Internet economy
will destroy value in incumbent industries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why big companies squander brilliant
ideas](http://timharford.com/2018/10/why-big-companies-squander-brilliant-ideas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://timharford.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/cropped-favicon.png)](http://timharford.com/2018/10/why-big-companies-squander-brilliant-ideas)

</div>

J F C Fuller did not invent the tank. That distinction should probably
fall to E L de Mole, an Australian who approached the British war office
in 1912 with a

</div>

</div>
