<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# dns

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New talk: Making Hard Things
Easy](https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/10/06/new-talk--making-hard-things-easy)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making a DNS query in Ruby from
scratch](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/11/06/making-a-dns-query-in-ruby-from-scratch)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Useful utilities and toys over DNS](https://www.dns.toys)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.dns.toys/static/thumb.png)](https://www.dns.toys)

</div>

Free and useful services over DNS accessible on command line

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Some ways DNS can
break](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/01/15/some-ways-dns-can-break)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to DNS Terminology, Components, and Concepts \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-dns-terminology-components-and-concepts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitalocean.com/_next/static/media/intro-to-cloud.d49bc5f7.jpeg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-dns-terminology-components-and-concepts)

</div>

DNS, or the Domain Name System, is an integral part of how the internet
functions today. However, the way that DNS works is often quite
mysterious for new a…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New tool: Mess with
DNS!](https://jvns.ca/blog/2021/12/15/mess-with-dns)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is a Domain Name? - Learn web development \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_is_a_domain_name)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/What_is_a_domain_name)

</div>

Domain names are a key part of the Internet infrastructure. They provide
a human-readable address for any web server available on the Internet.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DNS doesn't
"propagate"](https://jvns.ca/blog/2021/12/06/dns-doesn-t-propagate)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn Enough Custom Domains to Be Dangerous \| Learn Enough to Be
Dangerous](https://www.learnenough.com/custom-domains-tutorial/dns_management)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://softcover.s3.amazonaws.com/636/learn_enough_custom_domains/images/cover-web.png)](https://www.learnenough.com/custom-domains-tutorial/dns_management)

</div>

Custom domains for websites, web apps, and email

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[WHOIS Lookup - Domain Lookup and Availability Checker \|
Domain.com](https://www.domain.com/whois/whois?search=brianpiercy.com)

</div>

Use our WHOIS lookup tool to search available domain names or current
domain owners. Start your search today!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DNS 101: An introduction to Domain Name
Servers](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/dns-domain-name-servers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/sites/default/files/styles/google_discover/public/2019-10/college_whiteboard.jpg?itok=7j-yyUaw)](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/dns-domain-name-servers)

</div>

Domain names provide the internet much more user-friendly way of
referencing servers, but have you ever wondered how it works under the
covers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cloudflare Registrar: what happens when you register a
domain?](https://blog.cloudflare.com/using-cloudflare-registrar)

</div>

Every website, large or small, started with an idea, rapidly followed by
registering a domain. Most registrars offer promotions for your initial
domain registration and then quietly hike the price with each renewal.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Certificates for
localhost](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/certificates-for-localhost)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://letsencrypt.org/images/LetsEncrypt-SocialShare.png)](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/certificates-for-localhost)

</div>

Sometimes people want to get a certificate for the hostname “localhost”,
either for use in local development, or for distribution with a native
application that needs to communicate with a web application. Let’s
Encrypt can’t provide certificates for “localhost” because nobody
uniquely owns it, and it’s not rooted in a top level domain like “.com”
or “.net”. It’s possible to set up your own domain name that happens to
resolve to 127.

</div>

</div>
