<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# documentation

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heredocs Can Make Your Bash Scripts Self-Documenting \| Hold The
Robot](https://holdtherobot.com/blog/heredocs-can-make-your-bash-scripts-self-documenting/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://holdtherobot.com/img/feature_graphic.png)](https://holdtherobot.com/blog/heredocs-can-make-your-bash-scripts-self-documenting/)

</div>

I have long since come to appreciate the value of writing scripts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I Explored the Biggest Man Pages on Linux, Here’s What I
Learned](https://www.howtogeek.com/explored-biggest-linux-man-pages-what-i-learned/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static1.howtogeekimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/a-person-reading-a-book.jpg)](https://www.howtogeek.com/explored-biggest-linux-man-pages-what-i-learned/)

</div>

These manuals go large.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Every Page is Page One](https://xmlpress.net/publications/eppo/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org)

</div>

Project documentation with Markdown.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Guide to Building a Professional Portfolio with Python, Markdown,
Git,](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*EKjjNXRZY7FQKGzB)](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

This article is a end-to-end guide to build a professional portfolio for
developpers and data workers based on github page.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Turning Back the Clock: The 1951 Bell Manual for Operating a Rotary
Telepho](https://designyoutrust.com/2024/01/turning-back-the-clock-the-1951-bell-manual-for-operating-a-rotary-telephone)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://designyoutrust.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/111-10.jpg)](https://designyoutrust.com/2024/01/turning-back-the-clock-the-1951-bell-manual-for-operating-a-rotary-telephone)

</div>

In 1951, Bell Telephone System introduced a guide titled "The Telephone
and How We Use It," designed to aid elementary school students and
others in understanding the operation of classic rotary dial phones. The
guide detailed everything from basic phone use, handling emergencies, to
polite phone ma

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tracking TODO and FIXME Comments with Rails Notes
Command](https://www.akshaykhot.com/rails-notes-command)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.writesoftwarewell.com/content/images/2024/02/code-3.png)](https://www.akshaykhot.com/rails-notes-command)

</div>

This post shows how you can use the notes command in Rails to search
through your codebase for comments starting with a specific keyword. By
default, it searches the codebase for FIXME, OPTIMIZE, and TODO
comments, but you can also configure it to use custom keywords.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Want your customers to RTFM? Try building a better user
manual](https://venturebeat.com/business/want-your-customers-to-rtfm-try-building-a-better-user-manual)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/GettyImages-esignature_document_automation_1349390515-e1658962604771.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/business/want-your-customers-to-rtfm-try-building-a-better-user-manual)

</div>

For a cost-effective way to reduce expenses, boost retention and drive
new revenues, bring your outdated user manuals into the digital era.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RTFM? How to write a manual worth
reading](https://opensource.com/business/15/5/write-better-docs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opensource.com/sites/default/files/lead-images/osdc-documentation-alligator.png)](https://opensource.com/business/15/5/write-better-docs)

</div>

Patience and empathy are the basis of good documentation, much as they
are the basis for being a decent person. Here's a how-to for creating
better open source project docs, which can help your users and grow your
community.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[About \| Divio Documentation](https://www.divio.com/blog/documentation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.divio.com/social-card.jpg)](https://www.divio.com/blog/documentation)

</div>

Find the software documentation system for Divio. Includes comprehensive
tutorials, how-to guides, technical reference and explanation. Learn
more here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Write Better with The Why, What, How
Framework](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/writing-docs-why-what-how)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eugeneyan.com/assets/og_image/writing-docs.jpg)](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/writing-docs-why-what-how)

</div>

Three documents I write (one-pager, design doc, after-action review) and
how I structure them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The four kinds of documentation, and why you need to understand what
they
a](https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/eu/2017/the-four-kinds-of-documentation-and-why-you-need-to-understand-what-they-are-daniele-procida)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.writethedocs.org/_static/logo-opengraph.png)](https://www.writethedocs.org/videos/eu/2017/the-four-kinds-of-documentation-and-why-you-need-to-understand-what-they-are-daniele-procida)

</div>

</div>

</div>
