<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# drawing

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[So what's the difference between plotted and printed
artwork?](https://lostpixels.io/writings/the-difference-between-plotted-and-printed-artwork)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dtz3cezyb/image/upload/c_fill,w_1200,h_627,g_center/c_limit,w_1200/f_jpg/q_auto/v1/twtolimfwljcnniv3zre?_a=BAVAZGDX0)](https://lostpixels.io/writings/the-difference-between-plotted-and-printed-artwork)

</div>

A common source of confusion that I experience when posting my artwork
on social media is: \_why?\_ Why use a plotter when you could use a
printer? It's slower. Less exact. More expensive. It fails, far too
often. Inkjet printers became ubiquitous in the 1980s because they
solved nearly all of these problems. So why are artists obsessed with
pen plotters?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This personal whiteboard has everything you need to take notes
anywhere,
an](https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/01/31/this-personal-whiteboard-has-everything-you-need-to-take-notes-anywhere-anytime)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2023/01/this-personal-whiteboard-has-everything-you-need-to-take-notes-anywhere-anytime/this_personal_whiteboard_helps_you_take_notes_anywhere_hero.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/01/31/this-personal-whiteboard-has-everything-you-need-to-take-notes-anywhere-anytime)

</div>

https://youtu.be/txci5QkpSWc Writing things by hand has become
fashionable again despite the prevalence of computers and smartphones.
In fact, some have embraced this "analog" system of note-taking exactly
as a reaction to the dominant reliance on technology. Whatever the
reason, this resurgence in demand for paper products might also have
negative effects on the environment when

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The joy of sketching - UXM](http://www.uxforthemasses.com/sketching)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.uxforthemasses.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/Joy-sketching-min.jpg)](http://www.uxforthemasses.com/sketching)

</div>

The most important tool for any UX designer is a pen and a stack of
paper. Why? Because before you even think about designing an interface
you should be sitting down to sketch out your ideas. Find out why you
should be ditching the computer and embracing pen and paper.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Have You Fallen for the Myth of ‘I Can’t Draw’? Do It Anyway—and Reap
the
Rewards](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/have-you-fallen-for-the-myth-of-i-can-t-draw-do-it-anyway-and-reap-the-rewards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fpocket-syndicated-images.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farticles%2F7417%2F1640840465_61cd3bb1a733f.png)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/have-you-fallen-for-the-myth-of-i-can-t-draw-do-it-anyway-and-reap-the-rewards)

</div>

The hurdles people face when it comes to learning to draw and how they
can be overcome.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How I draw figures for my mathematical lecture notes using
Inkscape](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-2)

</div>

In my previous blog post, I explained how I take lecture notes using Vim
and LaTeX. In this post, I’ll talk about how I draw figures for my notes
using Inkscape and about my custom shortcut manager.Some examples First,
let me show you some examples of figures…

</div>

</div>
