<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# due-diligence

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is Provenance & Why Is It Important for Someone Buying
Art?](https://www.thecollector.com/what-is-provenance-importance-buying-art/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thecollector.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/what-is-provenance-importance-buying-art.jpg)](https://www.thecollector.com/what-is-provenance-importance-buying-art/)

</div>

Market value and establishing authenticity depend on uncovering an
artwork’s past, which requires skilled provenance research.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Recipe for Disaster: The Formula That Killed Wall
Street](https://www.wired.com/2009/02/wp-quant)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/5bc775e14bb3fa2ced830b19/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/wp_quant_f.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/2009/02/wp-quant)

</div>

In the mid-’80s, Wall Street turned to the quants—brainy financial
engineers—to invent new ways to boost profits. Their methods for minting
money worked brilliantly… until one of them devastated the global
economy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[YC’s Series A Diligence Checklist \| Y
Combinator](https://blog.ycombinator.com/ycs-series-a-diligence-checklist)

</div>

Below you’ll find a Series A diligence checklist. This runs through all
the pieces of information you’ll need to have ready once you sign a term
sheet. Having all of this together in one place – a Data Room – before
you sign a term sheet will cut as much as a week off of your closing
process. Founders don’t generally realize that closing an A can take
more than a month, much of which is often spent tracking down documents
for lawyers. Jason Kwon, the GC of YC Continuity put this checklist
toget

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Questions Companies Should Ask Before Making an Innovation-Driven
Acquisition](https://hbr.org/2012/03/five-questions-companies-shoul)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/hbr_opengraph_940x490.png)](https://hbr.org/2012/03/five-questions-companies-shoul)

</div>

The Swiss pharmaceutical giant Roche is nothing if not determined in its
quest to acquire Illumina, the San Diego-based leader in
genetic-sequencing equipment. In January, after Illumina’s board
rebuffed Roche’s initial overtures, Roche made a \$5.7 billion tender
offer directly to shareholders. When that didn’t succeed, it extended
the offer to midnight last Friday. Now \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tech Due Diligence Calculator by Point Nine
Capital](https://decodingvc.gitbooks.io/p9-startup-tech-due-diligence-calculator/content)

</div>

</div>

</div>
