<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# elixir

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Track Faces in Live Video with Elixir: Quick
Tutorial](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/1coraau/how_to_track_faces_in_live_video_with_elixir)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/1coraau)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/1coraau/how_to_track_faces_in_live_video_with_elixir)

</div>

32K subscribers in the elixir community. Subreddit for the Elixir
programming language, a dynamic, functional language designed for
building scalable…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When "letting it crash" is not
enough](https://flawless.dev/essays/when-letting-it-crash-is-not-enough)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flawless.dev/img/logo.webp)](https://flawless.dev/essays/when-letting-it-crash-is-not-enough)

</div>

This essay explores the connection between Erlang's process supervision,
state management and durable execution.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to
Absinthe](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/05/16/an-introduction-to-absinthe-for-elixir.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkFuIEludHJvZHVjdGlvbiB0byBBYnNpbnRoZSJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjMtMDUvYWJzaW50aGUtcDEuanBnIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvZWxpeGlyLWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=e19e49d78cc31cd472f3d1b12cf69da0c835a838e42a4db02d4623349d7124a4)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/05/16/an-introduction-to-absinthe-for-elixir.html)

</div>

In the first part of this Absinthe for Elixir series, let's explore some
of the basics of Absinthe and GraphQL.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

["Deploying Elixir: Advanced Topics"
eBook](https://dev.to/miguelcoba/deploying-elixir-advanced-topics-ebook-1moa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/miguelcoba/deploying-elixir-advanced-topics-ebook-1moa)

</div>

Deploying Elixir clusters to Production using Kubernetes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Announcing Livebook - Dashbit
Blog](https://dashbit.co/blog/announcing-livebook?new=1)

</div>

Livebook is a web application for writing interactive and collaborative
code notebooks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn Elixir: The Ultimate
Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/gnbudp/learn_elixir_the_ultimate_guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/gnbudp)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/gnbudp/learn_elixir_the_ultimate_guide)

</div>

98 votes, 16 comments. 32K subscribers in the elixir community.
Subreddit for the Elixir programming language, a dynamic, functional
language…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is RabbitMQ? An Intro To The Message Queuing
Tech](https://www.erlang-solutions.com/blog/an-introduction-to-rabbitmq-what-is-rabbitmq.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://seventhstate.io/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/what-is-rabbitmq.jpg)](https://www.erlang-solutions.com/blog/an-introduction-to-rabbitmq-what-is-rabbitmq.html)

</div>

What is RabbitMQ? Find out in our introduction to the powerful Message
Queue tech.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to build an ecommerce machine learning project in
Elixir](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/dm0x6y/how_to_build_an_ecommerce_machine_learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/dm0x6y)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/dm0x6y/how_to_build_an_ecommerce_machine_learning)

</div>

32K subscribers in the elixir community. Subreddit for the Elixir
programming language, a dynamic, functional language designed for
building scalable…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ds160 -
Overview](https://schneider.dev/blog/elixir-phoenix-absinthe-graphql-react-apollo-absurdly-deep-dive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73933643?v=4?s=400)](https://schneider.dev/blog/elixir-phoenix-absinthe-graphql-react-apollo-absurdly-deep-dive)

</div>

ds160 has 2 repositories available. Follow their code on GitHub.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elixir Boilerplate — a batteries-included Elixir application setup with
Phoenix, Ecto, Credo, Distillery, Dialyzer, Docker, Coveralls,
etc.](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/b9bq9u/elixir_boilerplate_a_batteriesincluded_elixir)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/b9bq9u)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/b9bq9u/elixir_boilerplate_a_batteriesincluded_elixir)

</div>

90 votes, 11 comments. 32K subscribers in the elixir community.
Subreddit for the Elixir programming language, a dynamic, functional
language…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elixir Makes Testing Hard Things
Easy](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/by56sb/elixir_makes_testing_hard_things_easy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.redd.it/o0h58lzmax6a1.png)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/by56sb/elixir_makes_testing_hard_things_easy)

</div>

32K subscribers in the elixir community. Subreddit for the Elixir
programming language, a dynamic, functional language designed for
building scalable…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mint, a new HTTP library for
Elixir](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/auokwp/mint_a_new_http_library_for_elixir)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.redd.it/o0h58lzmax6a1.png)](https://www.reddit.com/r/elixir/comments/auokwp/mint_a_new_http_library_for_elixir)

</div>

32K subscribers in the elixir community. Subreddit for the Elixir
programming language, a dynamic, functional language designed for
building scalable…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elixir School](https://elixirschool.com/en)

</div>

</div>

</div>
