<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# execution

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Do Things that Don't Scale](https://paulgraham.com/ds.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Importance of the Semantic Layer by
@ttunguz](https://www.tomtunguz.com/the-importance-of-the-semantic-layer/)

</div>

Data without context is noise masquerading as insight. How many times
have you sat in a board meeting where the marketing team reports a 40%
increase in qualified leads while sales insists conversion has
plummeted? Both teams are right, and both are wrong. Marketing measures
MQLs based on email engagement and website behavior. Sales defines
qualified leads as prospects with confirmed budget and timeline. The
same company, the same quarter, two different realities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Silent Strain of Solo Product
Managers](https://amycmitchell.substack.com/p/solo-product-manager-breaks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:best,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Famycmitchell.substack.com%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fpost_preview%2F163511242%2Ftwitter.jpg%3Fversion%3D4)](https://amycmitchell.substack.com/p/solo-product-manager-breaks)

</div>

When brilliant work leads to breakdowns

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Task estimation: Conquering Hofstadter's
Law](https://thesearesystems.substack.com/p/task-estimation-conquering-hofstadters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fd0abb5c3-704a-4c25-94a4-01c24a743842_1034x752.png)](https://thesearesystems.substack.com/p/task-estimation-conquering-hofstadters)

</div>

How to turn your time estimates into reliable predictions — and
communicate them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[First-Time Silicon Success
Plummets](https://semiengineering.com/first-time-silicon-success-plummets/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Screenshot-2025-03-26-at-8.06.55%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://semiengineering.com/first-time-silicon-success-plummets/)

</div>

Number of designs that are late increases. Rapidly rising complexity is
the leading cause, but tools, training, and workflows need to improve.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Frustration Tolerance: An Essential for Surviving Large
Orgs](https://www.leadingsapiens.com/frustration-tolerance/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.leadingsapiens.com/content/images/2025/01/High-Frustration-Tolerance.png)](https://www.leadingsapiens.com/frustration-tolerance/)

</div>

In leadership and life, ambitions often outpace our ability to
consistently execute on them. A hidden hurdle that trips up many is
their level of “frustration tolerance.” This is particularly true in
large organizations that are literally designed to frustrate ambitions
and agendas. In this piece, I unpack the critical

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Binstack: Making a maximal multi-dimensional
decision](https://longform.asmartbear.com/maximized-decision/?utm_source=bluesky&utm_campaign=asmartbear_bluesky&utm_medium=social)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.asmartbear.com/maximized-decision/thumbnail-1200w.png)](https://longform.asmartbear.com/maximized-decision/?utm_source=bluesky&utm_campaign=asmartbear_bluesky&utm_medium=social)

</div>

Binstack is a technique for selecting the "single most impactful"
solution when there are multiple, incomparable dimensions to evaluate.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How I ship projects at big tech
companies](https://www.seangoedecke.com/how-to-ship/)

</div>

What I think about when I'm lead engineer on a project

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Goodhart's Law Isn't as Useful as You Might
Think](https://commoncog.com/goodharts-law-not-useful/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2023/01/goodhart_law_not_useful.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/goodharts-law-not-useful/)

</div>

Goodhart's Law is useless. It tells you about a phenomenon, but it
doesn't tell you how to solve it. We look at how organisations actually
prevent Goodhart's Law, and illustrate this with Amazon's Weekly
Business Review as an example.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Running a Fine Dining Restaurant in a
Recession](https://commoncog.com/fine-dining-through-a-recession)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2024/07/a_fine_dining_restaurant_recession.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/fine-dining-through-a-recession)

</div>

How Eleven Madison Park survived the 2008 Global Recession ... and what
this tells us about operating through the capital cycle.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Sprinting Slows You Down: A Better Way to Build
Software](https://thenewstack.io/how-sprinting-slows-you-down-a-better-way-to-build-software)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/05/e06fbfcf-athletics-3108410_1280.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/how-sprinting-slows-you-down-a-better-way-to-build-software)

</div>

Sprints promise to accelerate development, but often do the opposite.
Check out this alternative approach to building software.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Danaher: Masterful Capital Allocation and Lean Manufacturing,
Combined](https://commoncog.com/c/cases/danaher-lean-capital-allocation)

</div>

How Danaher combines Lean manufacturing with masterful capital
allocation to build a remarkable manufacturing company in the United
States.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Art of
Decision-Making](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2019/01/21/the-art-of-decision-making)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/5c364dfe8c8f962cd419d6c6/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/190121_r33587.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2019/01/21/the-art-of-decision-making)

</div>

Your life choices aren’t just about what you want to do; they’re about
who you want to be.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[nobody gets credit when nothing
happens](https://web.mit.edu/nelsonr/www/Repenning=Sterman_CMR_su01_.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You’ve Never Been In A Plane
Crash—Asterisk](https://asteriskmag.com/issues/05/why-you-ve-never-been-in-a-plane-crash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://asteriskmag.com/media/pages/issues/05/why-you-ve-never-been-in-a-plane-crash/7c5258c59a-1705939485/120623_am_05_opener_mm_web-1200x630-crop.png)](https://asteriskmag.com/issues/05/why-you-ve-never-been-in-a-plane-crash)

</div>

The United States leads the world in airline safety. That’s because of
the way we assign blame when accidents do happen.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What’s an Operational Definition
Anyway?](https://commoncog.com/whats-operational-definition)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2023/10/operational_definitions.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/whats-operational-definition)

</div>

Two principles on collecting data, from the field of Statistical Process
Control. As with most principles in SPC, this is both simpler and more
important than you might think.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Akin's Laws of Spacecraft
Design](https://www.thediff.co/r/c8ccacfb?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:best,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fmattrickard.substack.com%2Ftwitter%2Fsubscribe-card.jpg%3Fv%3D1129272927%26version%3D9)](https://www.thediff.co/r/c8ccacfb?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

I've been involved in spacecraft and space systems design and
development for my entire career, including teaching the senior-level
capstone spacecraft design course, for ten years at MIT and now at the
University of Maryland for more than three decades.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intellectual
Laziness](https://www.thediff.co/r/a17b6a29?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fb9b2c053-6001-4555-a5cf-983c317da90f_1920x1080.png)](https://www.thediff.co/r/a17b6a29?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

Book Review: Power Failure

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fast · Patrick Collison](https://patrickcollison.com/fast)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Hillstone, America's Favorite Restaurant \| Bon
Appétit](https://www.bonappetit.com/restaurants-travel/article/hillstone)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bonappetit.com/photos/57bf30906a6acdf3485df7c7/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/hillstone-featured-image.jpg)](https://www.bonappetit.com/restaurants-travel/article/hillstone)

</div>

It’s never going to win a James Beard Award. Or try to wow you with its
foam experiments or ingredients you’ve never heard of. But it is the
best-run, most-loved, relentlessly respected restaurant in America. And,
oh yeah, Danny Meyer, David Chang, and Shaq all agree. Welcome to
Hillstone.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[17 DevOps Metrics To Measure
Success](https://dev.to/semaphore/17-devops-metrics-to-measure-success-26p6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqib7vmoui7mv9ryjd53z.jpg)](https://dev.to/semaphore/17-devops-metrics-to-measure-success-26p6)

</div>

Photo by Carl Heyerdahl on Unsplash Productivity in software development
has always been tricky to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Be critical or be
corrupted](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cenizal.com/content/images/size/w1200/2022/09/cropped.png)](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

I recently rewatched "The Wire". The show's central theme is about
counter-productive metrics and their corrupting influence on
institutions. I've noticed hints of this pattern in software
engineering, too

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is SAP? \| Retool Blog \|
Cache](https://retool.com/blog/erp-for-engineers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/bclf52sw/production/5220138a25b031676c5de30e4a89422065973e19-811x360.webp)](https://retool.com/blog/erp-for-engineers)

</div>

What's SAP? And why is it worth \$163B?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Anatomy of an Amazon
6-pager](https://writingcooperative.com/the-anatomy-of-an-amazon-6-pager-fc79f31a41c9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mcgfntL_QZnleRG_Tnv5Bw.png)](https://writingcooperative.com/the-anatomy-of-an-amazon-6-pager-fc79f31a41c9)

</div>

A deep dive into writing detailed planning docs from one of the most
successful companies in the world

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The lean startup
summary](http://www.kimhartman.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/the-lean-startup-summary.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cost Per Reasonable Decision
(CPRD)](https://medium.com/@johnpcutler/cost-per-reasonable-decision-cprd-ed1ca8c6147)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Zs8BxzBm9KqCbaF05gXS2g@2x.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@johnpcutler/cost-per-reasonable-decision-cprd-ed1ca8c6147)

</div>

Note: With the arrival of my son, I’m slowing down on the blogging. Give
me a couple months (or more sleepless nights), and I’ll be back…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[2016 scrum guide
us](http://www.scrumguides.org/docs/scrumguide/v2016/2016-Scrum-Guide-US.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A value creation
checklist](http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2016/09/a-value-creation-checklist.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://seths.blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/sethgodin_05.jpg)](http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2016/09/a-value-creation-checklist.html)

</div>

This project you’re working on, the new business or offering, what sort
of value does it create? Who is it for? What mindset and worldview and
situation?Is it paid for by organizations or individua…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to go
faster](http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2015/05/how-to-go-faster.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://seths.blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/sethgodin_10.jpg)](http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2015/05/how-to-go-faster.html)

</div>

How do you get to market faster than the competition? How do you become
more efficient without violating the laws of physics? How do you save
time, money and frustration? It all comes down to decis…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Debriefing facilitation
guide](https://extfiles.etsy.com/DebriefingFacilitationGuide.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[David Nicholas Williams](https://davnicwil.com/just-build-the-product)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Art of the OKR](http://eleganthack.com/the-art-of-the-okr)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/monprint.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/the-art-of-the-okr)

</div>

Read the updated post, Art of the OKR Redux instead! A lot has changed
since 2014….    Original “Art of the OKR” below, for archival purposes:
I wrote a book on…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Super successful
companies](http://blog.samaltman.com/super-successful-companies)

</div>

I spent some time recently thinking about what companies that grow up to
be extremely successful do when they are very young. I came up with the
following list. It’s from personal experience and...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is an OKR? Objectives, key results and how to use
them](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/what-is-an-okr-here-are-the-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jeffgothelf.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/okr_workshop_banner-thinkific.jpg)](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/what-is-an-okr-here-are-the-basics)

</div>

Understanding what an Objective and Key Result is, why it's different
from traditional goal setting, and what impact a good OKR will can have
is vital.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Execution is
Everything](https://25iq.com/2018/10/28/execution-is-everything)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://25iq.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/okr-cycle.png)](https://25iq.com/2018/10/28/execution-is-everything)

</div>

I have wanted to write a review of John Doerr’s book Execution is
Everything since it was first published five months ago. Some of you are
probably saying right now: “That’…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Tricks Used by Pilots, Surgeons & Engineers to Overcome Human
Error](http://nautil.us/blog/the-tricks-used-by-pilots-surgeons--engineers-to-overcome-human-error)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.nautil.us/6245_c783eed3cfc1c978fe76e15af007e0d0.jpg?auto=compress&fm=pjpg&ixlib=php-3.3.1)](http://nautil.us/blog/the-tricks-used-by-pilots-surgeons--engineers-to-overcome-human-error)

</div>

When Germanwings Flight 4U9525 crashed into the French Alps in March it
did not take investigators long to determine the likely reason: Co-pilot
Andreas Lubitz had allegedly been suffering from depression and may have
crashed the plane as a means to commit suicide, taking hundreds of
people along with him. But that doesn’t tell the \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scaling Engineering Teams via RFCs: Writing Things
Down](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/scaling-engineering-teams-via-writing-things-down-rfcs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/content/images/size/w1200/2019/09/RFC.png)](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/scaling-engineering-teams-via-writing-things-down-rfcs)

</div>

I have recently been talking at small and mid-size companies, sharing
engineering best practices I see us use at Uber, which I would recommend
any tech company adopt as they are growing. The one topic that gets both
the most raised eyebrows, as well the most "aha!" moments is the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Kanban? A Quick Guide to Visualized
Improvement](https://blog.kainexus.com/improvement-disciplines/lean/kanban/4-principles)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.kainexus.com/hs-fs/hub/326641/file-1370277485-png/Kanban-1.png)](https://blog.kainexus.com/improvement-disciplines/lean/kanban/4-principles)

</div>

What is Kanban? Learn more about how the kanban methodology of
visualizing work in progress can accelerate your team’s improvement
efforts and minimize waste

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Two Things to Do After Every
Meeting](https://hbr.org/2015/11/two-things-to-do-after-every-meeting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/hbr_opengraph_940x490.png)](https://hbr.org/2015/11/two-things-to-do-after-every-meeting)

</div>

Don’t let progress end when the meeting does.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Much Does It Cost To Make A Hit
Song?](http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2011/07/05/137530847/how-much-does-it-cost-to-make-a-hit-song)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2011/06/30/rihanna_wide-c32e542abaa9312285031003fe70f911ff778b88.jpg?s=1400&c=100&f=jpeg)](http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2011/07/05/137530847/how-much-does-it-cost-to-make-a-hit-song)

</div>

We go step-by-step through the making of Rihanna's song "Man Down."
Bringing in top songwriters and producers costs tens of thousands of
dollars. Trying to turn the song into a hit costs much more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Report templates for fewer status meetings \| Folding
Burritos](https://foldingburritos.com/articles/2018/02/13/report-templates-less-status-meetings)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://foldingburritos.com/assets/img/logo/social-share-og.png)](https://foldingburritos.com/articles/2018/02/13/report-templates-less-status-meetings)

</div>

Report templates, and guided steps to create them, so Product Managers
spend less time in status meetings and more time out of the building

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SEO Checklist 2015 - Elvin Web
Marketing](http://onlinemarketinginct.com/2015/05/09/seo-checklist-2015)

</div>

Complete SEO Checklist to increase your website search rankings in 2015.
Check off each item with the quick list or follow the comprehensive
guide...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Key Results Need to Be
Results](http://eleganthack.com/why-key-results-need-to-be-results)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/compare2.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/why-key-results-need-to-be-results)

</div>

If you know nothing about OKRs, please start here: Art of the OKR. Or
buy my book, Radical Focus. I think it’s rather good.  An Objective is
the goal you wish to achieve in a g…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Design Sprint — GV](http://www.gv.com/sprint)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.gv.com/sprint/img/preview.jpg)](http://www.gv.com/sprint)

</div>

The sprint is a 5-day process for answering critical business questions
through design, prototyping, and testing with customers. Learn to run
your own sprints, and read about our book on sprints.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Paypal and Reddit faked their way to
traction](https://medium.com/platform-thinking/how-paypal-and-reddit-faked-their-way-to-traction-9411fb583205#.u152e5g9i)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/bd978bb536350a710e8efb012513429cabdc4c28700604261aeda246d0f980b7)](https://medium.com/platform-thinking/how-paypal-and-reddit-faked-their-way-to-traction-9411fb583205#.u152e5g9i)

</div>

When “faking it before making it” actually works

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using OKRs to Increase Organizational
Learning](http://eleganthack.com/using-okrs-to-increase-organizational-learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/teamlettes.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/using-okrs-to-increase-organizational-learning)

</div>

This is a draft chapter from the second edition of Radical Focus. It’s
coming… eventually. Hopefully soonish. Leave your wishlist for other
topics you’d like it to cover, and enjoy the sneak peek! …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 signs youre working in a feature
factory](https://cutle.fish/blog/12-signs-youre-working-in-a-feature-factory)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Failure mode and effects
analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Failure_mode_and_effects_analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/FMEA.png)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Failure_mode_and_effects_analysis)

</div>

Failure mode and effects analysis is the process of reviewing as many
components, assemblies, and subsystems as possible to identify potential
failure modes in a system and their causes and effects. For each
component, the failure modes and their resulting effects on the rest of
the system are recorded in a specific FMEA worksheet. There are numerous
variations of such worksheets. An FMEA can be a qualitative analysis,
but may be put on a quantitative basis when mathematical failure rate
models are combined with a statistical failure mode ratio database. It
was one of the first highly structured, systematic techniques for
failure analysis. It was developed by reliability engineers in the late
1950s to study problems that might arise from malfunctions of military
systems. An FMEA is often the first step of a system reliability study.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make Operations Your Secret Weapon - Here’s
How](http://firstround.com/review/make-operations-your-secret-weapon-heres-how)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fjbgpt9rrsza2ei8xmlic_frc_ceo16_159-cr.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/make-operations-your-secret-weapon-heres-how)

</div>

Etsy COO Linda Kozlowski knows an operations leader is critical to the
success of a company. Here, she sheds light on the most mysterious role
in the C-suite — and how startups can hire and empower the right COO for
their company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Steve Blank Fear of Failure and Lack of Speed In a Large
Corporation](https://steveblank.com/2015/03/11/fear-of-failure-and-lack-of-speed-in-a-large-corporation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://steveblank.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/hbr-reprint1.jpg)](https://steveblank.com/2015/03/11/fear-of-failure-and-lack-of-speed-in-a-large-corporation)

</div>

I just spent a day working with Bob, the Chief Innovation Officer of a
very smart large company I’ll call Acme Widgets. Bob summarized Acme’s
impediments to innovation. “At our company we have a cu…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growth Hacking
Checklist](http://mattishness.blogspot.com/2012/09/growth-hacking-checklist.html)

</div>

“My biggest surprise was when we launched the Facebook app and it didn’t
go viral” -Startup CEO quote “The month after we ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Process Mining Is, and Why Companies Should Do
It](https://hbr.org/2019/04/what-process-mining-is-and-why-companies-should-do-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2019/04/Apr19_23_989729938.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2019/04/what-process-mining-is-and-why-companies-should-do-it)

</div>

There have long been a few fundamental challenges associated with
business process management. But a relatively new and innovative
technology, process mining, has the capability to revitalize process
management in firms where it has lain fallow for years. One problem
involves the creation of “current state” processes — a description of
how a business process is being performed today. In business process
reengineering, organizations are primarily interested in an improved “to
be” process, so often they have little interest in exploring “as is,” or
how the process is currently performed. The other general problem with
process management is the lack of connections between business processes
and an organization’s enterprise information systems. Enter process
mining. Process mining software can help organizations easily capture
information from enterprise transaction systems and provides detailed —
and data-driven — information about how key processes are performing. It
creates event logs as work is done: an order is received, a product is
delivered, a payment is made. The logs make visible how
computer-mediated work is really happening, including who did it, how
long it takes, and how it departs from the average. Process analytics
create key performance indicators for the process, which enables a
company to focus on the priority steps to improve.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 9 Habits of Ultra-Fast
Iterations](https://www.nfx.com/post/nine-habits-of-ultra-fast-iterations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://content.nfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/OG-V6.jpg)](https://www.nfx.com/post/nine-habits-of-ultra-fast-iterations)

</div>

One sector has an unfair number of elite product minds. These 9 habits
are their underlying behaviors that result in product success.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evidence Based
Scheduling](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2007/10/26/evidence-based-scheduling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149366100.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/26ebs1.png)](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2007/10/26/evidence-based-scheduling)

</div>

Software developers don’t really like to make schedules. Usually, they
try to get away without one. “It’ll be done when it’s done!” they say,
expecting that such a brave, funny zinger will reduce t…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Use OKRs to Set Goals for Teams, Not
Individuals](https://hbr.org/2020/12/use-okrs-to-set-goals-for-teams-not-individuals)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2020/12/Dec20_17_-1165490839.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2020/12/use-okrs-to-set-goals-for-teams-not-individuals)

</div>

A popular goal-setting framework, Objectives and key results (or OKRs)
are an effective method for planning and measuring success on a team
level. They fall short, however, when companies attempt to apply them to
individual contributors. Setting individual OKRs generally leads to
goals that are either not true indications of meaningful progress or
that are easily gameable. Instead, individual contributors should be
assessed based on the extent to which their work contributes to team
goals that add real value to the company and its customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OKRs – The Ultimate Guide to Goal Setting in 2020 -
noupe](https://www.noupe.com/design/okrs-the-ultimate-guide-to-goal-setting-in-2020.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/goal-setting.jpeg)](https://www.noupe.com/design/okrs-the-ultimate-guide-to-goal-setting-in-2020.html)

</div>

The acronym OKR stands for Objectives and Key Results. Much has been
written on the topic over the years yet they still remain a mystery for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A case study in early-stage startup
execution](https://www.wave.com/en/blog/early-execution)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.wave.com/img/blog/wave-retreat-2019.jpg)](https://www.wave.com/en/blog/early-execution)

</div>

Before joining Wave four years ago, I spoke to a former employee about
his experience. He said something that has stayed in my memory ever
since: “Wave is really good at execution, so by working at Wave, you’ll
learn how to execute very well.” Now that I’ve been here a while, I
thought it would be good to write down what really good execution
actually looks like in practice and the counterintuitive lessons I’ve
learned along the way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Practices That Set Resilient Teams
Apart](https://hbr.org/2022/03/3-practices-that-set-resilient-teams-apart)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2022/03/Mar22_10200284152-001.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2022/03/3-practices-that-set-resilient-teams-apart)

</div>

New research reveals that how we perform work as a team contributes more
to resilience than external stressors. On resilient teams, individuals
feel responsible for energizing each other. This is in stark contrast to
teams who are challenged by frustrating ways of working and fractured
relationships. As we move into the third year of pandemic uncertainty,
adopting three simple practices will help managers build more resilient
— and re-energized — teams.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[42 things I learned from building a production
database](https://maheshba.bitbucket.io/blog/2021/10/19/42Things.html)

</div>

In 2017, I went to Facebook on a sabbatical from my faculty position at
Yale. I created a team to build a storage system called Delos at the
bottom of the Facebook stack (think of it as Facebook’s version of
Chubby). We hit production with a 3-person team in less than a year; and
subsequently scaled the team to 30+ engineers spanning multiple
sub-teams. In the four years that I led the team (until Spring 2021), we
did not experience a single severe outage (nothing higher than a SEV3).
The Delos design is well-documented in two academic papers (in OSDI 2020
and SOSP 2021). Delos is currently replacing all uses of ZooKeeper at
Facebook.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Speed as a Habit](https://review.firstround.com/speed-as-a-habit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fkq79lsosaydvmwdckt8a_dave-20hero.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/speed-as-a-habit)

</div>

All things being equal, speed will determine whether your company
succeeds or not. Here's how to make it core to your culture.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adam Savage on Lists, More Lists, and the Power of Checkboxes \|
WIRED](https://www.wired.com/story/adam-savage-lists-more-lists-power-checkboxes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/5cd0acb2423ece79ae1ddaff/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Featured%20Art%20-%20EXCERPT%20-%20EVERY%20TOOL%20IS%20A%20HAMMER%20-%20513191606.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/adam-savage-lists-more-lists-power-checkboxes)

</div>

The 'Mythbusters' star and author of the new book 'Every Tool's a
Hammer,' explains the magic of the colored-in checkbox.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The unreasonable effectiveness of just showing up everyday \|
Typesense](https://typesense.org/blog/the-unreasonable-effectiveness-of-just-showing-up-everyday)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://typesense.org/blog/assets/img/og/typesense_blog_opengraph.png)](https://typesense.org/blog/the-unreasonable-effectiveness-of-just-showing-up-everyday)

</div>

When I first started working on Typesense six years ago, I set myself a
simple rule: I shall write some code everyday before or after work.
That’s it. No deadlines, no quarterly goals, no milestones. I did not
have a choice really — I was about to get married and was already
working full-time in a demanding role. As you can imagine, building a
search engine from scratch is not a trivial undertaking, so that was my
way of not having to deal with additional stress.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[After-action Reviews: A Simple Yet Powerful
Tool](http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/action-reviews-simple-yet-powerful-tool)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Group-project-coworkers.jpg)](http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/action-reviews-simple-yet-powerful-tool)

</div>

This Nano Tool for Leaders offers guidance for creating a culture of
continuous performance improvement and adaptive learning by
systematically reviewing team successes and failures.…Read More

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Right Way to Ship Software \| First Round
Review](https://review.firstround.com/the-right-way-to-ship-software)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fn4w8fjcftngdt5gsak97_cto15_0294.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/the-right-way-to-ship-software)

</div>

An open letter from a former Facebook and VMware engineering executive
on how startups can best structure their release processes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Moral Competence](https://evanjconrad.com/posts/moral-competence)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://evanjconrad.com/twittercard.png)](https://evanjconrad.com/posts/moral-competence)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons learned in incident
management](https://dropbox.tech/infrastructure/lessons-learned-in-incident-management)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://aem.dropbox.com/cms/content/dam/dropbox/tech-blog/en-us/2021/01/incident-management/diagrams/Techblog-IncidentManagement-Social.png)](https://dropbox.tech/infrastructure/lessons-learned-in-incident-management)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Stop Endless Discussions with
RFCs](https://candost.blog/how-to-stop-endless-discussions)

</div>

When we find ourselves in endless debates where everyone defends their
idea, we don't know how to handle the situation. We eventually find a
way out, but what we need is an excellent system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The difference between efficacy, effectiveness and
efficiency](https://nesslabs.com/efficacy-effectiveness-efficiency-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nesslabs.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/efficacy-effectiveness-efficiency-banner.jpg)](https://nesslabs.com/efficacy-effectiveness-efficiency-2)

</div>

Efficacy, effectiveness, efficiency… These terms sound confusingly
similar. Commonly used in medical research, project management, and
decision science, they are often mixed up in everyday conversations. If
you’re in a hurry, here’s the difference: Efficacy means getting things
done Effectiveness means doing the right things Efficiency means doing
things right Sounds confusing? Don’t worry, I ... Read More

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right: Gawande, Atul:
9780805091748: Amazon.com:
Books](http://www.amazon.com/Checklist-Manifesto-How-Things-Right/dp/0805091742)

</div>

The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right \[Gawande, Atul\] on
Amazon.com. \*FREE\* shipping on qualifying offers. The Checklist
Manifesto: How to Get Things Right

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How OKRs can make you a better
leader](https://thenextweb.com/growth-quarters/2020/04/20/how-okrs-can-make-you-a-better-leader)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2020%2F04%2FOKR.png&signature=1e34d34f3aaafe0c8565f390a958edcb)](https://thenextweb.com/growth-quarters/2020/04/20/how-okrs-can-make-you-a-better-leader)

</div>

Leaders need to lead by example using OKRs, showing that they are
equally as committed to successful outcomes as anyone on the front lines
of the business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The GIST Board — A New Way to Do Planning and Execution \|
HackerNoon](https://hackernoon.com/the-gist-board-a-new-way-to-do-planning-and-execution-47ad3c0dd5d5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hackernoon.imgix.net/hn-images/0*rQYoRnhtPjt820k1)](https://hackernoon.com/the-gist-board-a-new-way-to-do-planning-and-execution-47ad3c0dd5d5)

</div>

Done right, GIST keeps the team, management and stakeholders aligned on
the why (goals), what (ideas) and how (steps and tasks), and every task
we execute is connected to a business goal. A full quarterly plan
creates a GIST tree per goal:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Japan's Rail Workers Can't Stop Pointing at Things - Atlas
Obscura](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/pointing-and-calling-japan-trains?fbclid=IwAR3X2zynA1MEtfY7kfqQvoMXTXVbdLC8Pon0F0530qgrY56vKCPbmjqZWpE)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/B0BflmqLh3LH5Ifct5PIR4KE_YVUqz8_R20ygi81jyw/rt:fit/w:600/c:1485:990:nowe:1146:687/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy82ZjNkZWIwODVi/MWRlNWIxNTNfUG9p/bnQuanBn.jpg)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/pointing-and-calling-japan-trains?fbclid=IwAR3X2zynA1MEtfY7kfqQvoMXTXVbdLC8Pon0F0530qgrY56vKCPbmjqZWpE)

</div>

A seemingly silly gesture is done for the sake of safety.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Concepts That Will Help Your Team Be More
Data-Driven](https://hbr.org/2018/11/5-concepts-that-will-help-your-team-be-more-data-driven)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/11/nov18_1_916432942.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/11/5-concepts-that-will-help-your-team-be-more-data-driven)

</div>

Data is invading every nook and cranny of every team, department, and
company in every industry, everywhere. Developing the talent needed to
take full advantage must be a high priority. Indeed, everyone must be
able to contribute to improving data quality, interpreting analyses, and
conducting their own experiments. It will take decades for the public
education systems to churn out enough people with the needed skills —
far too long for companies to wait. Fortunately, managers, aided by a
senior data scientist engaged for a few hours a week can introduce five
powerful “tools” that will help their teams start to use analytics to
solve important business problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How One Hospital Improved Patient Safety in 10 Minutes a
Day](https://hbr.org/2018/10/how-one-hospital-improved-patient-safety-in-10-minutes-a-day)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/10/oct18_30_114723652-1.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/10/how-one-hospital-improved-patient-safety-in-10-minutes-a-day)

</div>

Clinical and nonclinical staff at the Rotterdam Eye Hospital have
improved patient care and raised staff morale at a very modest cost: 10
minutes a day and a special deck of cards. At the start of every shift,
the team members get together for a brief “team-start.” Each team member
rates his or her own mood as green (I’m good), orange (I’m okay but I
have a few things I’m concerned about) or red (I’m under stress). The
rest of the team doesn’t need to know that you’re under stress because
you’re having a dispute with your landlord or you are worried about your
ill toddler. How you feel, however, is important because it affects how
you should be treated. Next, the team leader asks if there is anything
in particular the team needs to know to work more effectively together
that shift: For example, “Is there a delay in public transport so we can
expect patients to be late for their appointments?,” or “Is there a
patient with some kind of special need coming in?” Sharing the answers
or results generated by the card questions and activities with the group
ensures that the insights stick.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[dbt Labs Blog \| Learn from the experts \| dbt
Labs](https://blog.fishtownanalytics.com/scaling-knowledge-160f9f5a9b6c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.getdbt.com/img/site-meta/facebook.png)](https://blog.fishtownanalytics.com/scaling-knowledge-160f9f5a9b6c)

</div>

Learn more about the data analytics industry, dbt Cloud and dbt Core, as
well as company news and updates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Strategy vs. Tactics](https://fs.blog/2018/08/strategy-vs-tactics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149664534.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Strategy-vs-Tactics.jpg)](https://fs.blog/2018/08/strategy-vs-tactics)

</div>

Strategy and tactics are two terms that get thrown around a lot, often
used interchangeably. But what exactly do they mean, what is the
difference, and why is it important? In this article, we look at the
contrast between strategy and tactics, and the most effective ways to
use each, whether you're trying to win a war, start a business, or reach
any other important objective.

</div>

</div>
