<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# experiments

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Run Smart Experiments When You Just Don’t
Know](https://commoncog.com/run-smart-experiments-dont-know/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2025/08/how_run_smart_experiments.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/run-smart-experiments-dont-know/)

</div>

How all good entrepreneurs run experiments at the earliest stages of a
business, and how you can use this approach for your own career.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reforge](https://www.reforge.com/blog/good-experiment-bad-experiment)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Take Bigger, Bolder Product Bets — Lessons from Slack’s Chief
Produc](https://review.firstround.com/how-to-take-bigger--bolder-product-bets-lessons-from-slacks-chief-product-officer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fnoah-20weiss-20normal.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/how-to-take-bigger--bolder-product-bets-lessons-from-slacks-chief-product-officer)

</div>

Seasoned product leader and Slack’s CPO Noah Desai Weiss shares the
three-step framework he leans on to make quality product decisions with
just the right amount of risk.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 pitfalls of PPC
experiments](https://searchengineland.com/3-pitfalls-of-ppc-experiments-326332)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2019/12/Testing-methodologies-graph.png)](https://searchengineland.com/3-pitfalls-of-ppc-experiments-326332)

</div>

Knowing what to test and how to interpret the results based on nuances
and oddities of experiments is an important skill for people, not
automations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[You Are Solving The Wrong Problem \| UX
Magazine](https://uxmag.com/articles/you-are-solving-the-wrong-problem)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://uxmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/752px-Gossamer_Albatross_II-x2.jpg)](https://uxmag.com/articles/you-are-solving-the-wrong-problem)

</div>

When solving a difficult problem, re-ask the problem so the solution
helps you learn faster.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building our Centralized Experimental Platform \| Stitch Fix Technology
–
Multithreaded](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2019/07/30/building-centralized-experimental-platform)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/assets/posts/2019-07-17-building-centralized-experimental-platform/fab.png)](https://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2019/07/30/building-centralized-experimental-platform)

</div>

Running an A/B test is easy. Screwing up an A/B test is even easier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why This Opportunity Solution Tree is Changing the Way Product Teams
Work - Product
Talk](https://www.producttalk.org/2016/08/opportunity-solution-tree)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.producttalk.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Opportunity-Solution-Tree.png)](https://www.producttalk.org/2016/08/opportunity-solution-tree)

</div>

Have you heard? My new book Continuous Discovery Habits is now
available. Get the product trio's guide to a structured and sustainable
approach to continuous discovery. I’ve found a visual \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[150 successful machine learning models: 6 lessons learned at
Booking.com](https://blog.acolyer.org/2019/10/07/150-successful-machine-learning-models)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Experiments to Launch New
Products](https://hbr.org/2018/11/using-experiments-to-launch-new-products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/10/nov18_2_521713296.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/11/using-experiments-to-launch-new-products)

</div>

Increasingly, companies are using experiments to guide them in their
decision making—but many are still missing opportunities, or are failing
to implement experiments well. When it comes to the rollout of new
products, one particularly effective new kind of experiment involves
randomizing the introduction of new products across a set of markets.
Uber used this strategy before rolling out its Express Pool service, and
Airbnb did the same before rollout out a new landing-page design. In
both cases, the companies gathered data that allowed them to roll out
their products with confidence that they would succeed—as indeed they
did. Many companies, even those not in the tech sector, can benefit from
this kind of experimentation, especially if they follow a few basic
guidelines.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://t.co/jaEWMYfgXr?ssr=true>

</div>

</div>

</div>
