<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# face-recognition

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Facial features linked to stereotypes and social class
perception](https://www.gla.ac.uk/news/headline_1037351_en.html)

</div>

Research shows that people are quick to form impressions of other
people’s social class standing, which can have important consequences –
but what specifically drives these impressions, and their relationship
to judgements of harmful or advantageous stereotypes, has remained
unknown.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Face Search Engine Anyone Can Use Is Alarmingly
Accurate](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/05/26/technology/pimeyes-facial-recognition-search.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2022/05/29/business/00PimEyes-Kashmir-Hill/00PimEyes-Kashmir-Hill-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2022&h=683&w=1024&s=e0bc8773a8f613b8cf082e045eda3fc50cd7ec6844b8d30893dfb5ed40567e53&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/05/26/technology/pimeyes-facial-recognition-search.html)

</div>

PimEyes is a paid service that finds photos of a person from across the
internet, including some the person may not want exposed. “We’re just a
tool provider,” its owner said.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Are You Better Than a Machine at Spotting a
Deepfake?](https://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode/are-you-better-than-a-machine-at-spotting-a-deepfake)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.scientificamerican.com/sciam/cache/file/FF9411E3-6975-4B44-BD7E6544E9363865_source.jpg?w=1200)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode/are-you-better-than-a-machine-at-spotting-a-deepfake)

</div>

New research shows that detecting digital fakes generated by machine
learning might be a job best done with humans still in the loop.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Computer Vision \| Papers With
Code](https://paperswithcode.com/task/face-recognition)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://production-media.paperswithcode.com/tasks/Screenshot_2019-11-29_at_14.40.10_hC8LgvP.png)](https://paperswithcode.com/task/face-recognition)

</div>

\*\*Facial Recognition\*\* is the task of making a positive
identification of a face in a photo or video image against a
pre-existing database of faces. It begins with detection -
distinguishing human faces from other objects in the image - and then
works on identification of those detected faces. The state of the art
tables for this task are contained mainly in the consistent parts of the
task : the face verification and face identification tasks. ( Image
credit: \[Face Verification\](https://shuftipro.com/face-verification) )

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Secret History of Facial
Recognition](https://www.wired.com/story/secret-history-facial-recognition)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/5e0fd4c823478200081bfbc7/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/WI020120_FF_WoodyBledsoe_01.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/secret-history-facial-recognition)

</div>

Sixty years ago, a sharecropper’s son invented a technology to identify
faces. Then the record of his role all but vanished. Who was Woody
Bledsoe, and who was he working for?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My life with face blindness: I spent decades unable to recognize
people. Then I learned
why.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/magazine/wp/2019/08/21/feature/my-life-with-face-blindness)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/pbox.php?url=http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/magazine/wp-content/uploads/sites/69/2019/08/face-blindness_social_card.jpg&w=1484&op=resize&opt=1&filter=antialias&t=20170517)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/magazine/wp/2019/08/21/feature/my-life-with-face-blindness)

</div>

A journey toward seeing myself more clearly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Spotting AI-generated
faces](https://flowingdata.com/2018/12/20/spotting-ai-generated-faces)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Spotting-fake-faces.png?fit=1200%2C400&quality=100&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2018/12/20/spotting-ai-generated-faces)

</div>

Computers can generate faces that look real. What a time to be alive. As
it becomes easier to do so, you can bet that the software will be used
at some point for less innocent reasons. You should p…

</div>

</div>
