<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# features-benefits

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optimally Suboptimal: Behavioral-Economic Product
Features](https://www.gojiberries.io/optimally-suboptimal-behavioral-economic-product-features/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.gojiberries.io/content/images/2025/03/DALL-E-2025-03-03-21.54.17---A-super-minimalist--crisp--and-clean-logo-inspired-by-Rothko-s-color-field-paintings--using-just-two-blocks-of-soft-blue-and-soft-pink--with-subtle-st-3.png)](https://www.gojiberries.io/optimally-suboptimal-behavioral-economic-product-features/)

</div>

Booking travel online feels like shopping in an Indian bazaar: a deluge
of options, no credible information, aggressive hawkers
(“recommendations” and “targeted ads”), and hours of frantic search that
end with purchasing something more out of exhaustion than conviction.
Online travel booking is not unique in offering this miserable
experience. Buying on Amazon feels like a similar sand trap. But why is
that? Poor product management? A more provocative but perhaps more
accurate answer is that the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adding a feature because ChatGPT incorrectly thinks it exists \|
Holovaty.com](https://www.holovaty.com/writing/chatgpt-fake-feature/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Planning poker -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/CrispPlanningPokerDeck.jpg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

Planning poker, also called Scrum poker, is a consensus-based, gamified
technique for estimating, mostly used for timeboxing in Agile
principles. In planning poker, members of the group make estimates by
playing numbered cards face-down to the table, instead of speaking them
aloud. The cards are revealed, and the estimates are then discussed. By
hiding the figures in this way, the group can avoid the cognitive bias
of anchoring, where the first number spoken aloud sets a precedent for
subsequent estimates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A New Approach to Feature
Requests](https://signalvnoise.com/svn3/a-new-approach-to-feature-requests/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://signalvnoise.com/assets/svn3/images/2019/01/cropped-svn-icon.gif)](https://signalvnoise.com/svn3/a-new-approach-to-feature-requests/)

</div>

A few months ago, I got this email from a customer: It would be
wonderful if there was a way to tag/assign forwarded emails to specific
task lists within client projects. The “email forwards” secti…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This Is All Your App Is: a Collection of Tiny
Details](https://blog.codinghorror.com/this-is-all-your-app-is-a-collection-of-tiny-details)

</div>

Fair warning: this is a blog post about automated cat feeders. Sort of.
But bear with me, because I'm also trying to make a point about
software. If you have a sudden urge to click the back button on your
browser now, I don't blame you. I don't often talk

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/features-doesnt-mean-success)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Feature vs
Product](https://jtbd.info/feature-vs-product-42bf2dad2764#.zdwjzcnz9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Uid7Lw6JjSs55BqXbOGUSA.jpeg)](https://jtbd.info/feature-vs-product-42bf2dad2764#.zdwjzcnz9)

</div>

When you understand the difference between a feature and a product,
designing that successful product will be easier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Babe Ruth and Feature
Lists](https://www.bringthedonuts.com/essays/babe-ruth-and-feature-lists.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.bringthedonuts.com/img/babe-ruth/babe-ruth-swinging.jpg)](https://www.bringthedonuts.com/essays/babe-ruth-and-feature-lists.html)

</div>

Prioritized lists are essential for product managers, right? Yes, but be
careful. Ken Norton illustrates why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to sunset a
feature](https://blog.intercom.com/how-to-sunset-a-feature)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.intercomassets.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Sunset-a-feature-984.png)](https://blog.intercom.com/how-to-sunset-a-feature)

</div>

When it's time to call a feature quits, how should you announce end of
life? Here's how to sunset a feature while minimizing customer impact.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 signs youre working in a feature
factory](https://cutle.fish/blog/12-signs-youre-working-in-a-feature-factory)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to build B2B recommendation engines from competitor’s
alternatives](https://medium.com/@brianpiercy/how-to-build-a-b2b-recommendation-engine-for-product-alternatives-5bfc81957dea)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:720/1*tCpPSMQ8PoHhQq6h2qCrMA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@brianpiercy/how-to-build-a-b2b-recommendation-engine-for-product-alternatives-5bfc81957dea)

</div>

Without driving yourself crazy

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 Reasons for Weak Product \| Silicon Valley Product
Group](http://svpg.com/top-10-reasons-for-weak-product)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.svpg.com/wp-content/themes/svpg2022/app/img/svpg-social.jpg)](http://svpg.com/top-10-reasons-for-weak-product)

</div>

In my last article I discussed the top reasons for slow product, and
here I wanted to highlight the top reasons for weak product.  I am
defining weak product here as product that fails to meet its objectives
and provide new and expanded sources of revenue and/or growth for your
company. Lack of product vision. ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Guide to Product Planning: Three Feature
Buckets](https://blog.adamnash.com/2009/07/22/guide-to-product-planning-three-feature-buckets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](https://blog.adamnash.com/2009/07/22/guide-to-product-planning-three-feature-buckets)

</div>

In the spirit of capturing some of the observations that I find myself
repeating, I’m adding this one to the mix tonight.  Unlike the previous
two, this is really a piece of concrete advice f…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Problem with Feature
Branches](https://dev.to/bentorvo/the-problem-with-feature-branches-44kk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fu6i5bzlzh3yqothanh20.png)](https://dev.to/bentorvo/the-problem-with-feature-branches-44kk)

</div>

As more companies strive to deliver software faster it becomes clear
what legacy processes are...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What are the best ways to prioritize a list of product features? -
Quora](https://www.quora.com/Product-Management/What-are-the-best-ways-to-prioritize-a-list-of-product-features)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Features Tell, But Benefits Sell - Help
Scout](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/benefits-sell)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hs-marketing-contentful.imgix.net/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fp15sglj92v6o%2F59amD3GugFJ85GOvkoJPxa%2Fc2e05d914a136c56e13e11378b6788b1%2Fbenefits-vs-features.jpg?ixlib=gatsbySourceUrl-2.1.3&auto=format%2C%20compress&q=75&s=d2e8e66abb823935ffc2404da6634c7c)](https://www.helpscout.net/blog/benefits-sell)

</div>

Founders and marketers must go beyond selling products, and instead sell
what their product will allow customers to do.

</div>

</div>
