<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# focus-distractions

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ability To Focus And Make The Best Move When There Are No Good
Moves](https://www.farnamstreetblog.com/2014/04/the-ability-to-focus-and-make-the-best-move-when-there-are-no-good-moves)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149664534.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/FS-LOGO.png)](https://www.farnamstreetblog.com/2014/04/the-ability-to-focus-and-make-the-best-move-when-there-are-no-good-moves)

</div>

"if there is one skill that stands out, it’s the ability to focus and
make the best move when there are no good moves."

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Use A Work Journal To Recover Focus Faster And Clarify Your
Thoughts](https://fev.al/posts/work-journal)

</div>

You’re working on the most complex problem in computer science: fixing
permissions on a deployment pipeline. It’s been 4 days you started on
that simple task...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Never say “no,” but rarely say
“yes.”](https://longform.asmartbear.com/say-yes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.asmartbear.com/say-yes/thumbnail-1200w.png)](https://longform.asmartbear.com/say-yes)

</div>

"Focus" requires saying "no" to most things, but there's a way to do it
that allows you to say "yes" exactly when it matters most.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How listening to uninterrupted noise helped millions to
focus](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2022/08/how-listening-to-uninterrupted-noise-helped-millions-to-focus)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/lofi-scaled.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2022/08/how-listening-to-uninterrupted-noise-helped-millions-to-focus)

</div>

False copyright claim briefly took Lofi Girl and her continuous music
stream down.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Easily Distracted? You Need to Think Like a Medieval
Monk](https://www.wired.com/story/medieval-monks-distraction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/63c85d6f71c6b526845f16ce/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/MidievalMonks_Science_GettyImages-154712371.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/medieval-monks-distraction)

</div>

Focusing wasn’t much easier in the time before electricity or on-demand
TV. In fact, you probably have a lot in common with these
super-distracted monks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How we tune out
distractions](http://news.mit.edu/2019/how-brain-ignores-distractions-0612)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://news.mit.edu/sites/default/files/images/201906/MIT-sensory-filtering-01.jpg)](http://news.mit.edu/2019/how-brain-ignores-distractions-0612)

</div>

MIT neuroscientists have identified a brain circuit that helps us to
filter out unwanted background noise or other distracting sensory
stimuli. When this circuit is engaged, the prefrontal cortex selectively
suppresses sensory input as it flows into the thalamus, the site where
most sensory information enters the brain.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Product Strategy Fails in the Real World — What to Avoid When
Building](https://review.firstround.com/how-product-strategy-fails-in-the-real-world-what-to-avoid-when-building-highly-technical-products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fgettyimages-1336203619.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/how-product-strategy-fails-in-the-real-world-what-to-avoid-when-building-highly-technical-products)

</div>

Why does strategy tend to stall when the rubber hits the road? Nate
Stewart, Chief Product Officer of Cockroach Labs, shares an essential
guide for creating a resilient strategy that’s still standing next year.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The science of a wandering
mind](https://knowablemagazine.org/article/mind/2022/science-wandering-mind?cookieSet=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://knowablemagazine.org/docserver/fulltext/10.1146/knowable-083022-2/mind-wandering-1600x600.jpg)](https://knowablemagazine.org/article/mind/2022/science-wandering-mind?cookieSet=1)

</div>

More than just a distraction, mind-wandering (and its cousin,
daydreaming) may help us prepare for the future

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Todoist
Inspiration](https://doist.com/blog/complete-guide-to-deep-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tdinspiration.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/og-image@2x.jpg)](https://doist.com/blog/complete-guide-to-deep-work)

</div>

Productivity inspiration and tactical advice that’s actually useful.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://limedaring.com/articles/how-i-run-a-marketplace-with-eleven-different-properties-and-5000-vendors/](http://limedaring.com/articles/how-i-run-a-marketplace-with-eleven-different-properties-and-5000-vendors)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why athletes need a ‘quiet
eye’](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20180627-is-quiet-eye-the-secret-to-success-for-athletes?ocid=fbfut)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p06c9jj7.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20180627-is-quiet-eye-the-secret-to-success-for-athletes?ocid=fbfut)

</div>

Want to know who will win a World Cup game or Wimbledon match? Look
closely at the athletes’ eyes — including when it seems they're about to
lose.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tips from neuroscience to keep you focused on hard
tasks](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-00606-x)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nature.com/lw1200/magazine-assets/d41586-021-00606-x/d41586-021-00606-x_18880126.jpg)](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-00606-x)

</div>

Nature - Understanding cognitive control can help your working life,
says David Badre.

</div>

</div>
