<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# foundries

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GlobalFoundries Q2 2025 Performance: Strategic Repositioning Amid Weak
Consumer Demand -
AnySilicon](https://anysilicon.com/globalfoundries-q2-2025-performance-strategic-repositioning-amid-weak-consumer-demand/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anysilicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/ChatGPT-globalfoundries-1024x683.png)](https://anysilicon.com/globalfoundries-q2-2025-performance-strategic-repositioning-amid-weak-consumer-demand/)

</div>

In today’s semiconductor landscape, demand is increasingly shifting
toward specialized solutions—automotive electrification, industrial AI
deployment, and communication infrastructure—while consumer electronics
markets like smartphones are showing slower recovery. In this context,
GlobalFoundries (GF) is charting a strategic shift as it aligns its
manufacturing and IP capabilities toward high-value domains such as
automotive, datacenters, and industrial computing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google
News](https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE1HMDRza2ktN0tIdE5UMVg1VHpmVUdLQXVXbC1IeGt4U0ZyRWt3N1VWTWpRaS1WbC1jeE40SUNwN3R5ZEdkUERoR3E4UDE0cVp2ckdWcDhybm4yU0xEaFNOcTd2dU5UbG5xQXdvek5CLUtOd1hKNGc?oc=5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/J6_coFbogxhRI9iM864NL_liGXvsQp2AupsKei7z0cNNfDvGUmWUy20nuUhkREQyrpY4bEeIBuc=s0-w300)](https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidkFVX3lxTE1HMDRza2ktN0tIdE5UMVg1VHpmVUdLQXVXbC1IeGt4U0ZyRWt3N1VWTWpRaS1WbC1jeE40SUNwN3R5ZEdkUERoR3E4UDE0cVp2ckdWcDhybm4yU0xEaFNOcTd2dU5UbG5xQXdvek5CLUtOd1hKNGc?oc=5)

</div>

Comprehensive up-to-date news coverage, aggregated from sources all over
the world by Google News.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SMIC Is Rumored To Complete 5nm Chip Development By 2025; Costs Could
Be Up To 50 Percent Higher Than
TS…](https://wccftech.com/smic-5nm-development-completed-in-2025/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/SMIC-chipmaker.jpg)](https://wccftech.com/smic-5nm-development-completed-in-2025/)

</div>

China’s biggest semiconductor manufacturer, SMIC, is rumored to complete
5nm chip development in 2025, leading to advanced chip orders from
Huawei

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BintangChip: Your specialty foundry for the analog
world](https://www.bintangchip.com/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.xfab.com/fileadmin/_processed_/2/b/csm_BintangChip_Wafer_Foundry_Produktion_IMG62473_1920x1273px_107f566e3e.jpg)](https://www.bintangchip.com/)

</div>

BintangChip is one of the world’s leading specialty foundry groups for
analog/mixed-signal semiconductor technologies. As a pure-play foundry,
we provide manufacturing and strong design support services to our
customers that design analog/mixed-signal integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices for use in their own products or the products of
their customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Clash of the Foundries: Gate All Around + Backside Power at
2nm](https://open.substack.com/pub/semianalysis/p/clash-of-the-foundries?r=oc5d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F616af44f-7281-492e-9bf8-0cdd7e1e3fcf_2912x1632.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/semianalysis/p/clash-of-the-foundries?r=oc5d)

</div>

Fab Cost, WFE Implications, Backside Power Details

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Report: Samsung Is Struggling With 10-20% Yields at
2nm](https://www.extremetech.com/computing/report-samsung-is-struggling-with-10-20-yields-at-2nm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.extremetech.com/imagery/content-types/0402VB4Mvmbxh3gBue9Id9H/hero-image.fill.size_1200x675.jpg)](https://www.extremetech.com/computing/report-samsung-is-struggling-with-10-20-yields-at-2nm)

</div>

The company's difficulties have allegedly caused it to withdraw
personnel from its Taylor, TX facility while it reassesses its plans.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The U.S. has sanctioned 18 Chinese fabs, dozens remain in in white
zone](https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/the-us-has-sanctioned-18-chinese-fabs-dozens-remain-in-in-white-zone)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/5Mq4J9jfCyPqV9qsyhUWe8-1200-80.jpg)](https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/the-us-has-sanctioned-18-chinese-fabs-dozens-remain-in-in-white-zone)

</div>

China has big plans for semiconductor industry and they include self
reliance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intel Vs. Samsung Vs.
TSMC](https://semiengineering.com/intel-vs-samsung-vs-tsmc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/6.png)](https://semiengineering.com/intel-vs-samsung-vs-tsmc)

</div>

Foundry competition heats up in three dimensions and with novel
technologies as planar scaling benefits diminish.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TSMC Announces Early Access Nodes for Next-Gen Car Chips: N4AE and
N3AE](https://www.anandtech.com/show/18837/tsmc-announces-early-access-nodes-for-car-chips-n4ae-n3ae)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/18837/tesla-model-s-red-witcher_678x452.jpg)](https://www.anandtech.com/show/18837/tsmc-announces-early-access-nodes-for-car-chips-n4ae-n3ae)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TSMC Details 3nm Evolution: N3E On Schedule, N3P and N3X To Deliver 5%
Perf](https://www.anandtech.com/show/18833/tsmc-details-3nm-evolution-n3e-on-schedule-n3p-n3x-deliver-five-percent-gains)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.anandtech.com/doci/18833/tsmc_wafer_semiconductor_chip_300mm_fab_2_678x452.jpg)](https://www.anandtech.com/show/18833/tsmc-details-3nm-evolution-n3e-on-schedule-n3p-n3x-deliver-five-percent-gains)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growth of 300mm fab capacity picks up pace again -
Bits&Chips](https://bits-chips.nl/artikel/growth-of-300mm-fab-capacity-picks-up-pace-again)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bits-chips.nl/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Semi-300mm-fab-outlook.jpg)](https://bits-chips.nl/artikel/growth-of-300mm-fab-capacity-picks-up-pace-again)

</div>

After dipping this year, the growth of 300mm semiconductor manufacturing
capacity is set to gain momentum.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wafer foundry capacity in China,
2023](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20230313RS400.html?chid=2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.digitimes.com/newsshow/20230313rs400_files/2_2b.jpg)](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20230313RS400.html?chid=2)

</div>

Introduction

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wafer foundries in China expected to continue with capacity expansion
plans](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20230313VL211/capacity-expansion-china-chips+components-ic-manufacturing.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.digitimes.com/newsshow/20230313vl211_files/1_2b.jpg)](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20230313VL211/capacity-expansion-china-chips+components-ic-manufacturing.html)

</div>

China-based semiconductor manufacturers, in the wake of geopolitical
risks, are expected to keep up with their capacity expansion strategies
going into 2023 with a good number of projects already in construction,
according to DIGITIMES Research's latest report covering the latest
status of China's wafer foundry industry

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Total Revenue of Top 10 Foundries Fell by 4.7% QoQ for 4Q22 and Will
Slide](https://anysilicon.com/total-revenue-of-top-10-foundries-fell-by-4-7-qoq-for-4q22-and-will-slide-further-for-1q23-says-trendforce)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anysilicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Depositphotos_74702483_l-2015-market.jpg)](https://anysilicon.com/total-revenue-of-top-10-foundries-fell-by-4-7-qoq-for-4q22-and-will-slide-further-for-1q23-says-trendforce)

</div>

Mar. 13, 2023 —- According to TrendForce’s latest survey of the global
foundry market, electronics brands began adjusting their inventories in
2Q22, but foundries were unable to rapidly adapt to this development
because they reside in the more upper portion of the supply chain.
Moreover, revising procurement quantities of long-term foundry contracts
takes time as well. Hence,

</div>

</div>
