<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# friction-traction

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Uses of Friction](https://www.thediff.co/p/the-uses-of-friction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.thediff.co/content/images/size/w1200/2022/02/Screenshot-2022-02-17-at-12.51.50-1.png)](https://www.thediff.co/p/the-uses-of-friction)

</div>

Plus! Market-Making; Poaching and Equity Currency; China's Covid
Economy; The Cost of AI; Friendshoring; Diff Jobs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Find The Fast Moving
Water](https://www.nfx.com/post/find-the-fast-moving-water)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://content.nfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/fast-moving-water-social.jpg)](https://www.nfx.com/post/find-the-fast-moving-water)

</div>

We work with our NFX Guild on this mental model for greatness from
day 1. Now, we are sharing it with the rest of the startup community.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to design a referral
program](https://andrewchen.com/how-to-design-a-referral-program)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazon’s Friction-Killing Tactics To Make Products More
Seamless](http://firstround.com/review/amazons-friction-killing-tactics-to-make-products-more-seamless)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fr95ilt5ormkbdyagjmd0_kintan-brahmbhatt_012rt.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/amazons-friction-killing-tactics-to-make-products-more-seamless)

</div>

Amazon director Kintan Brahmbhatt, who's helped develop and refine the
product strategy behind the Alexa and Amazon Music, explains the ways in
which friction can live in your product, throwing roadblocks in a user's
path to becoming a customer. He explains how to uncover counterintuitive
insights that can pinpoint friction points, and spells out the
three-step process for eliminating them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a Preview Image Increased a Landing Page's Conversion Rate by
359% - Search Engine
Watch](https://searchenginewatch.com/sew/how-to/2220391/how-a-preview-image-increased-a-landing-pages-conversion-rate-by-359)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginewatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/champion-trophy-370x229.jpeg)](https://searchenginewatch.com/sew/how-to/2220391/how-a-preview-image-increased-a-landing-pages-conversion-rate-by-359)

</div>

Using Google’s new “Google Experiments” for A/B testing confirmed a
hypothesis that a landing page with a preview image will have a higher
conversion rate than a landing page without the preview image. Here’s
how you can conduct your own test.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Hierarchy of
Engagement](https://news.greylock.com/the-hierarchy-of-engagement-5803bf4e6cfa#.rush50jlb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mfW5vbkvoMAYAR221rwG_Q.jpeg)](https://news.greylock.com/the-hierarchy-of-engagement-5803bf4e6cfa#.rush50jlb)

</div>

The Fuel to Build an Enduring, Billion Dollar Business

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Marketing Flywheels Work -
SparkToro](https://sparktoro.com/blog/why-marketing-flywheels-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sparktoro.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/content-seo-flywheel.gif)](https://sparktoro.com/blog/why-marketing-flywheels-work)

</div>

The first few years of my career were awful. Drowning in debt, losing
nine out of ten pitches for new business, failing to earn clients. It
felt like

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jonah Berger’s 75 Examples Of Infectious
Marketing](http://www.referralcandy.com/blog/jonah-berger-contagious-75-infectious-examples-of-catchy-marketing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6185b708a2657014268d2eaf/620492b9fa14a200079a0ccd_jonah-berger-contagious.png)](http://www.referralcandy.com/blog/jonah-berger-contagious-75-infectious-examples-of-catchy-marketing)

</div>

Make your brand messages viral with the 6 STEPPS from Jonah Berger's
Contagious, including 75 real-life marketing examples to learn from.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[User Acquisition: The Five Sources of
Traffic](http://blog.adamnash.com/2012/03/28/user-acquisition-five-sources-of-traffic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](http://blog.adamnash.com/2012/03/28/user-acquisition-five-sources-of-traffic)

</div>

This is the first post in a three post series on user acquisition. The
topic of this blog post may seem simplistic to those of you who have
been in the trenches, working hard to grow visits and vis…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Traction PDF Summary - Gabriel Weinberg & Justin Mares \| 12min
Blog](https://blog.12min.com/traction-pdf-summary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.12min.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/GetNugget-Replacement-Images.png)](https://blog.12min.com/traction-pdf-summary)

</div>

Traction PDF Summary by Gabriel Weinberg & Justin Mares pinpoints how
startups can climb the ladder at lightning speed and learn how to expand
your company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10-Steps to a Friction-Free
App.](https://medium.com/sequoia-capital/10-steps-to-a-friction-free-app-518fa9b12227)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*3xvYjoMZSpE27zrFUfh40g.jpeg)](https://medium.com/sequoia-capital/10-steps-to-a-friction-free-app-518fa9b12227)

</div>

How to improve your product experience to eliminate confusion and
frustration for your users.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Batman Is A Growth
Hacker](http://www.adweek.com/digital/batman-is-a-growth-hacker?red=st)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.adweek.com/wp-content/themes/adweek-next/assets/images/adweek-placeholder.png)](http://www.adweek.com/digital/batman-is-a-growth-hacker?red=st)

</div>

B.J. Mendelson breaks down how Batman is a growth hacker, and what we
can learn about the field from him.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Paypal and Reddit faked their way to
traction](https://medium.com/platform-thinking/how-paypal-and-reddit-faked-their-way-to-traction-9411fb583205#.u152e5g9i)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/bd978bb536350a710e8efb012513429cabdc4c28700604261aeda246d0f980b7)](https://medium.com/platform-thinking/how-paypal-and-reddit-faked-their-way-to-traction-9411fb583205#.u152e5g9i)

</div>

When “faking it before making it” actually works

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://platformed.info/creative-platform-threadless-500px-dribbble-instagram/](http://platformed.info/creative-platform-threadless-500px-dribbble-instagram)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Liquidity hacking: Solving the chicken-egg dilemma with marketplace
startups](http://venturebeat.com/2012/11/23/liquidity-hacking)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/liquidity-hacking.jpg?w=1000?w=1200&strip=all)](http://venturebeat.com/2012/11/23/liquidity-hacking)

</div>

Guest How to get a two-sided marketplace startup like Airbnb, Exec, or
eBay up and running -- the painless way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Q: What Makes a Product Attract Early Adopters? - SKMurphy,
Inc.](https://www.skmurphy.com/blog/2019/08/01/q-what-makes-a-product-attract-early-adopters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.skmurphy.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/RowOFMatches.jpg)](https://www.skmurphy.com/blog/2019/08/01/q-what-makes-a-product-attract-early-adopters)

</div>

This is an edited version of a recent online conversation I had with a
team of bootstrappers about how to make their product attract early
adopters.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Two lessons on reducing sign-up
friction](https://bbirnbaum.com/two-lessons-on-reducing-sign-up-friction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1533582437341-dfdc01630b05?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=2000&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ)](https://bbirnbaum.com/two-lessons-on-reducing-sign-up-friction)

</div>

I learned the hard way how important a carefully designed sign-up
process is. I saw a large percentage of interested people fail to sign
up because of easily preventable flaws in the flow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Subtle Art of User Onboarding &
Adoption](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/the-subtle-art-of-user-onboarding-adoption)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/user-onboarding.png)](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/the-subtle-art-of-user-onboarding-adoption)

</div>

The “traditional” user onboarding flows and walkthroughs are dead. Learn
about the next era of user onboarding and how to adapt to the changes in
your org.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://click.revue.email/mpss/c/2wA/ps1xAA/t.2qs/NbZpb5ZzRVqm63GSIG7YAg/h43](http://click.revue.email/mpss/c/2wA/ps1xAA/t.2qs/NbZpb5ZzRVqm63GSIG7YAg/h43/xU8j-2FjXGdvXQkOEAoNNoVNSI7IWXMFOpMt5Gp84pyr6ver7T7IPWePNmHkHojx8cFAPk9M90Yl7a6CX7GiCoVwxyef5IEG-2Fmxen4F5U4iGTmiY1ojgvpadXe3va8eR91mZJRoDIcALmLBlsf-2BNdLsxGTZyob4ALXf4r3ZxxNKo9KrRirWwvNh-2FlGoVexnPrS3HlOdsdKgiPitS6RlX5FpA-3D-3D)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Don't Pay to Acquire Your First
Users](https://www.kapwing.com/blog/dont-pay-to-acquire-your-first-users)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.imgur.com/hG36XnH.jpg)](https://www.kapwing.com/blog/dont-pay-to-acquire-your-first-users)

</div>

Recently, a founder asked to chat with me about SEO. During our call,
the founder - whose startup is backed by a top-tier VC - said to me “I
assume that you acquired your first users through paid marketing.”
Really? Is this an assumption nowadays? Since we’ve raised money

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Friction – Stratechery by Ben
Thompson](https://stratechery.com/2013/friction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/stratechery.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/paper-appstore.jpg?fit=1022%2C482&ssl=1)](https://stratechery.com/2013/friction)

</div>

The Internet has removed friction: that means a whole new set of
possibilities; it doesn’t mean they are all good.

</div>

</div>
