<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# gallium-nitride

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Negative Capacitance Breaks GaN Transistor
Limits](https://spectrum.ieee.org/negative-capacitance-schottky-limit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/the-symbol-for-a-capacitor.jpg?id=61325980&width=210)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/negative-capacitance-schottky-limit)

</div>

Researchers are testing a special coating on GaN devices that may
enhance transistor performance by breaking the Schottky limit.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[300mm GaN
roadmap](https://compoundsemiconductor.net/article/122057/300mm_GaN_roadmap_%22on_track%22_says_Infineon)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://f001.backblazeb2.com/file/BIT-Magazine-Images/1751475241-Infineon_GaN300_technology.jpg)](https://compoundsemiconductor.net/article/122057/300mm_GaN_roadmap_%22on_track%22_says_Infineon)

</div>

Our selection of industry specific magazines cover a large range of
topics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why RF Technologies Should Consider GaN Over Silicon - EE
Times](https://www.eetimes.com/why-rf-technologies-should-consider-gan-over-silicon/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.eetimes.com/wp-content/uploads/AdobeStock_1320500531.jpeg)](https://www.eetimes.com/why-rf-technologies-should-consider-gan-over-silicon/)

</div>

Silicon is the industry standard for semiconductors. However, GaN has
become a more beneficial option for RF applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improving GaN Device
Architectures](https://semiengineering.com/improving-gan-device-architectures/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/Screenshot-2025-01-22-at-7.05.49%E2%80%AFPM.png?fit=1060%2C1120&ssl=1)](https://semiengineering.com/improving-gan-device-architectures/)

</div>

Novel combinations show promise for different applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GaN Devices: Properties and Performance At Extremely High
Temperatures](https://semiengineering.com/gan-devices-properties-and-performance-at-extremely-high-temperatures)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Hot-Chip-Thermal-iStock-848635200.jpg)](https://semiengineering.com/gan-devices-properties-and-performance-at-extremely-high-temperatures)

</div>

A new technical paper titled “High temperature stability of regrown and
alloyed Ohmic contacts to AlGaN/GaN heterostructure up to 500 °C” was
published by researchers at MIT, Technology Innovation Institute, Ohio
State University, Rice University and Bangladesh University of
Engineering and Technology. Abstract “This Letter reports the stability
of regrown and alloyed Ohmic contacts to AlGaN/GaN-on-Si... » read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Choosing the Best Wide Bandgap Technology for Your Application -
Industry
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/choosing-the-best-wide-bandgap-technology-for-your-application)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Infineon-SiC-Wafer-800x400.jpeg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/choosing-the-best-wide-bandgap-technology-for-your-application)

</div>

Understanding the unique advantages provided by silicon carbide (SiC)
and gallium nitride (GaN) can help you select the optimal technology to
meet your products’ power, thermal, and size requirements.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GaN HEMT Circuit Topologies for High-resolution
LiDAR](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/gan-hemt-circuit-topologies-for-high-resolution-lidar)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/gan_hemt_ia_rohm_thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/industry-articles/gan-hemt-circuit-topologies-for-high-resolution-lidar)

</div>

Learn about gallium-nitride (GaN) high electron mobility transistors
(HEMTs) and how they can be used in LiDAR (light detection and ranging)
applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Latest GaN ICs Crank out More Speed, Efficiency, and Power
Density](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/latest-gan-ics-crank-out-more-speed-efficiency-and-power-density)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Abdulwaliy_GaN_Devices_Roundup_THUMB.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/news/latest-gan-ics-crank-out-more-speed-efficiency-and-power-density)

</div>

Leveraging gallium nitride (GaN) technology, the latest batch of power
devices boast improved performance, high efficiency, and low design
costs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five key reasons to switch to GaN -
DCD](https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/opinions/five-key-reasons-to-switch-to-gan)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.datacenterdynamics.com/media/images/jim_witham_gan_systems_crop.2e16d0ba.fill-1200x630.png)](https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/opinions/five-key-reasons-to-switch-to-gan)

</div>

It may be the only way to keep up with environmental power regulations

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sandia reports GaN diode with record 6.4kV breakdown ultrafast devices
step](http://www.semiconductor-today.com/news_items/2022/mar/sandia-210322.shtml)

</div>

Target is 20kV, to protect electric grid from electromagnetic pulse

</div>

</div>
