<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# gans

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building Synthetic Medical Records using
GANs](https://amanxai.com/2025/08/12/building-synthetic-medical-records-using-gans/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/amanxai.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Building-Synthetic-Medical-Records-using-GANs.png?fit=2436%2C1200&ssl=1)](https://amanxai.com/2025/08/12/building-synthetic-medical-records-using-gans/)

</div>

In this article, I'll walk you through building GANs from scratch to
generate synthetic medical records using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Fréchet inception distance (FID)? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/17/what-is-frechet-inception-distance-fid/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/17/what-is-frechet-inception-distance-fid/)

</div>

Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) is a metric that quantifies the quality
and diversity of images generated by GANs by comparing feature
representations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Learning Architectures From CNN, RNN, GAN, and Transformers To
Encoder](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/12/deep-learning-architectures-from-cnn-rnn-gan-and-transformers-to-encoder-decoder-architectures)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Hn6UWRfcQGS1sXgZTUWw6A.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/12/deep-learning-architectures-from-cnn-rnn-gan-and-transformers-to-encoder-decoder-architectures)

</div>

Deep learning architectures have revolutionized the field of artificial
intelligence, offering innovative solutions for complex problems across
various domains, including computer vision, natural language processing,
speech recognition, and generative models. This article explores some of
the most influential deep learning architectures: Convolutional Neural
Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), Generative
Adversarial Networks (GANs), Transformers, and Encoder-Decoder
architectures, highlighting their unique features, applications, and how
they compare against each other. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
CNNs are specialized deep neural networks for processing data with a
grid-like topology, such as images. A CNN automatically detects the
important features without any human supervision.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why WGANs beat GANs: A journey from KL divergence to Wasserstein
loss](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-wgans-beat-gans-a-journey-from-kl-divergence-to-wasserstein-loss-9ee5faf10b48)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*zMReX2xtdjsCHZAU)](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-wgans-beat-gans-a-journey-from-kl-divergence-to-wasserstein-loss-9ee5faf10b48)

</div>

Wasserstein distance helps WGANs outperform vanilla GANs and VAEs. This
post explains why so using some easy math.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Convolutional GAN — How to Use a DCGAN to Generate Images in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-convolutional-gan-how-to-use-a-dcgan-to-generate-images-in-python-b08afd4d124e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*YJvJEbmhYLJdn12r27Qerg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-convolutional-gan-how-to-use-a-dcgan-to-generate-images-in-python-b08afd4d124e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An overview of DCGAN architecture with a step-by-step guide to building
it yourself

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Autoencoders: From Vanilla to
Variational](https://towardsdatascience.com/autoencoders-from-vanilla-to-variational-6f5bb5537e4a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2n7b1cjwcLzLS12dVf_HuA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/autoencoders-from-vanilla-to-variational-6f5bb5537e4a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Because GANs are not all you need

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New AI tool detects Deepfakes by analyzing light reflections in the
eyes](https://thenextweb.com/neural/2021/03/11/ai-detects-deepfakes-analyzing-light-reflections-in-the-cornea-eyes-gans-thispersondoesnotexist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2021%2F03%2Fimage-2-1.jpg&signature=6421c014d99170a1da5339281bea3e7a)](https://thenextweb.com/neural/2021/03/11/ai-detects-deepfakes-analyzing-light-reflections-in-the-cornea-eyes-gans-thispersondoesnotexist)

</div>

Computer scientists from the University at Buffalo used the method to
successfully detect Deepfakes taken from This Person Does Not Exist.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Diving into different GAN
architectures](https://towardsdatascience.com/diving-into-different-gan-architectures-a96d05c03c5c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*CskV6PKYn1KmsISb)](https://towardsdatascience.com/diving-into-different-gan-architectures-a96d05c03c5c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Introduction

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An End to End Introduction to GANs using Keras -
MLWhiz](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/06/17/gans)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mlwhiz.com/images/gans/faces.png)](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/06/17/gans)

</div>

I bet most of us have seen a lot of AI-generated people faces in recent
times, be it in papers or blogs. We have reached a stage where it is
becoming increasingly difficult to distinguish between actual human
faces and faces that are generated by Artificial Intelligence. In this
post, I will help the reader to understand how they can create and build
such applications on their own. I will try to keep this post as
intuitive as possible for starters while not dumbing it down too much.
This post is about understanding how GANs work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generative Adversarial Networks - The Story So
Far](https://blog.floydhub.com/gans-story-so-far)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nvidia’s GauGAN has been used to create 500,000
images](https://venturebeat.com/2019/07/30/nvidias-gaugan-has-been-used-to-create-500000-images)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/nvidia-gaugan.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2019/07/30/nvidias-gaugan-has-been-used-to-create-500000-images)

</div>

Nvidia's GauGAN tool has been used to create more than 500,000 images,
the company announced at the SIGGRAPH 2019 conference in Los Angeles.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): Engine and Applications - Data
Scie](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/generative-adversarial-networks-gans-engine-and-applications)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/0J0S58JHfF6p2xAgo.jpeg)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/generative-adversarial-networks-gans-engine-and-applications)

</div>

Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are a class of neural networks
that are used in unsupervised machine learning. They help to solve such
tasks as image generation from descriptions, getting high resolution
images from low resolution ones, predicting which drug could treat a
certain disease, retrieving images that contain a given pattern, etc.
Our team asked… Read More »Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs):
Engine and Applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Adversarial Attacks
Work](http://blog.ycombinator.com/how-adversarial-attacks-work)

</div>

Emil Mikhailov is the founder of XIX.ai \[http://XIX.ai\] (YC W17).
Roman Trusov is a researcher at XIX.ai. Recent studies by Google Brain
have shown that any machine learning classifier can be tricked to give
incorrect predictions, and with a little bit of skill, you can get them
to give pretty much any result you want. This fact steadily becomes
worrisome as more and more systems are powered by artificial
intelligence — and many of them are crucial for our safe and comfortable
life. Banks, sur

</div>

</div>
