<div class="nav">

âŸµ [Up](index.html) Â \|Â  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# gifts

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Paper Lanterns, Party Lights, Wedding &
Decoration](https://www.paperlanternstore.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.paperlanternstore.com/cdn/shop/files/PLS_Logo_Final_v2_resized_5903062c-67a9-42e4-991a-acf8d790163b_1200x.png?v=1688000932)](https://www.paperlanternstore.com)

</div>

Paper Lantern Store is the world's LARGEST online shop for paper
lanterns, with thousands colors and styles! Free Shipping on orders over
\$99! Shop party string lights, wedding decor and more at guaranteed LOW
prices. Find party supplies, star lanterns, parasols and to make your
event or celebration unforgettable!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Soulless Holiday-Shopping
Strategy](https://www.theatlantic.com/family/archive/2023/12/holiday-gift-guides-stereotype-recommendations/676261)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/thumbor/0LzR7iwXi1NKeZBW2k-Ky9bK2lU=/0x43:2000x1085/1200x625/media/img/mt/2023/12/gifts2/original.jpg)](https://www.theatlantic.com/family/archive/2023/12/holiday-gift-guides-stereotype-recommendations/676261)

</div>

Gifts are personal. Gift guides are not.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Science of Gift
Giving](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/the-science-of-gift-giving)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2023/09/gift-giving.jpg)](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/the-science-of-gift-giving)

</div>

There is a lot of social psychology out there providing information that
can inform our everyday lives, and most people are completely unaware of
the research. Richard Wiseman makes this point in his book, 59 Seconds -
we actually have useful scientific information, and yet we also have a
vast self-help industry giving advice that

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The stigma around secondhand gifting is fading
away](https://retailwire.com/discussion/the-stigma-around-secondhand-gifting-is-fading-away)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/thredup-flat-clothing-layout-delivery-box-666x333-1.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/the-stigma-around-secondhand-gifting-is-fading-away)

</div>

With inflation top of mind for many, surveys show consumers are more
eager to buy secondhand items as holiday gifts this year to save money.
Are the drivers behind gifting resale items this holiday different from
past years?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Importance of Holiday
Cards](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-importance-of-holiday-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fpocket-syndicated-images.s3.amazonaws.com%2Farticles%2F8136%2F1660271365_GettyImages-634464191.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-importance-of-holiday-cards)

</div>

Sending written holiday greetings is not a new tradition. Holiday cards
are new, however. Where did this practice come from and why does it
persist?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Very Sincere Economics of Greeting
Cards](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-very-sincere-economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fmelmagazine.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2020%2F02%2FGreeting_Cards.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-very-sincere-economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

Believe it or not, the biggest demographic driving the greeting card
industry is millennials.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[gift exchanges behavior - Google
Search](https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-1-m&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&q=gift+exchanges+behavior)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Joy of Writing a
Recommendation](https://www.nextavenue.org/letter-of-recommendation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.tpt.cloud/nextavenue/uploads/2021/05/letterofrecc.jpg)](https://www.nextavenue.org/letter-of-recommendation)

</div>

5 tips on putting together a recommendation to help a young adult

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Very Sincere Economics of Greeting
Cards](https://melmagazine.com/en-us/story/economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://melmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Greeting_Cards.jpg)](https://melmagazine.com/en-us/story/economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

It seems like absolutely nobody except your grandmother sends greeting
cards anymore, which makes sense, because a text message is so much more
immediate and...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NanaGram \| Text your photos and we'll mail glossy, frameable 4x6
prints to](https://nanagram.co/#how-it-works)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://herman-cat.s3.amazonaws.com/nanagram_og2020.jpg)](https://nanagram.co/#how-it-works)

</div>

Text your photos and we'll mail glossy, frameable 4x6 prints to your
loved ones.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ombraz Armless Sunglasses \| No Sidearms. No
Problems.](https://ombraz.com/products/classics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ombraz.com/cdn/shop/products/classic_tortoise_grey_visorsOff_front.jpg?v=1669158671)](https://ombraz.com/products/classics)

</div>

The Ombraz Classics are a timeless, tried & true frame with +1000 5-star
reviews. Ombraz' best-selling, original armless frame. Backpacker
Magazine's Gear Editor's Choice Winner.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hawkins New York Simple Linen
Quilt](https://food52.com/shop/products/4686-simple-linen-quilt)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.food52.com/RMoeNOxP6Frh-ehZu2jGzqzlCOA=/1500x1500/756b1b07-10a1-48e4-bb95-f5eaea0bb810--2018-0919_hawkins-new-york_simple-linen-quilt_family_silo_ty-mecham_001.jpg)](https://food52.com/shop/products/4686-simple-linen-quilt)

</div>

We spend a third of our lives in bed (more, if you nap), so why not make
them the coziest nests they can be? This stonewashed linen bedding comes
in a wide range of colors and grows softer and more lovable with use. \*
Machine washable \* 100% Belgian linen \* Essential Set includes fitted
sheet, top sheet, and pillow cases \* Complete Set includes duvet cover,
fitted sheet, top sheet, and pillow cases \* Also available in a king
size

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Moon Light](https://articture.com/products/moon-light)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0091/0707/9226/products/20181219064433CCS949A-C-S4-part2-41-Download.jpg?v=1684556209)](https://articture.com/products/moon-light)

</div>

Gaze into the incredibly detailed 3-D lunar landscape and let yourÂ 
imagination take you away. The rechargeable Moon Light makes a
distinctive and functional addition to your home office. And since itâ€™s
fully portable, you can set the mood in any room with a choice of 6
distinctive colour hues.Â  Contemporary wooden pedestal base features
tri-point support for maximum light flow and visibility. Choice of two
sizes â€“ 15 or 20 cm diameter.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[teivah/algodeck: Algo Deck is an Open-Source Collection of 200
Algorithmic](https://github.com/teivah/algodeck)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/237596051/042406fc-8bec-4d35-9e9b-da49729e3322)](https://github.com/teivah/algodeck)

</div>

An Open-Source Collection of 200+ Flash Cards to Help You Preparing Your
Algorithms & Data Structures Interview ðŸ’¯ - teivah/algodeck

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Bitter Southerner General Store](https://bsgeneralstore.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bsgeneralstore.com/cdn/shop/files/3d-logo-3_1200x.png?v=1614773495)](https://bsgeneralstore.com)

</div>

The Bitter Southerner tells real stories about the real South. We
survive through your memberships and purchases in our store.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Star Trek Mr. Spock Live Long And Prosper Pill
Box](https://www.neatorama.com/2019/10/22/Star-Trek-Mr-Spock-Live-Long-And-Prosper-Pill-Box)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://uploads.neatorama.com/images/posts/655/110/110655/1571784468-0.jpg)](https://www.neatorama.com/2019/10/22/Star-Trek-Mr-Spock-Live-Long-And-Prosper-Pill-Box)

</div>

Star Trek Mr. Spock Live Long And Prosper Pill BoxYour bag, pocket, or
car: the final frontier. These are the voyages of your on the go
medication. They will travel with you in a handy container as you seek
out new life and civilizations. They will boldly go with you to places
that they have never gone before.Â Humans may find that having the Star
Trek Mr. Spock Live Long And Prosper Pill Box is as pleasing as wanting.
Embrace the utility and beauty of the pill box. It is only logical that
you should...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Best Cast Iron
Skillets](https://www.seriouseats.com/2019/10/best-cast-iron-skillet.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.seriouseats.com/thmb/6DQJvJds9N8QbJIebm7FT3f0PKI=/1500x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc()/__opt__aboutcom__coeus__resources__content_migration__serious_eats__seriouseats.com__2019__10__20191003-cast-iron-skillet-testing-vicky-wasik-primary-1500x1125-5b124e1ba2de4139a1e72df7246222b6.jpg)](https://www.seriouseats.com/2019/10/best-cast-iron-skillet.html)

</div>

We found five cast iron skillets worth their weight in metal after
examining heat conduction, frying dozens of eggs, searing steaks, and
loads of baking cornbread.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 51 coolest laptop stickers of all time -
TechRepublic](https://www.techrepublic.com/pictures/the-50-coolest-laptop-stickers-of-all-time)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.techrepublic.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/spideystickertr.jpg)](https://www.techrepublic.com/pictures/the-50-coolest-laptop-stickers-of-all-time)

</div>

Because your hardware deserves to look even cooler.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[On the Importance of the Studley Tool Chest - Lost Art
Press](https://blog.lostartpress.com/2014/10/16/on-the-importance-of-the-studley-tool-chest)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.lostartpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/studley_corner_img_0064_2.jpg)](https://blog.lostartpress.com/2014/10/16/on-the-importance-of-the-studley-tool-chest)

</div>

During the last five years, Iâ€™ve had more than my share of intimate
contact with the famous H.O. Studley tool cabinet. And so wherever I
travel I get asked

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Milk Carton - ImageChef](http://www.imagechef.com/t/5kjd/Milk-Carton)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cone of Shame
Notecards](https://coolhunting.com/buy/cone-of-shame-notecards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://150102931.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/cone-of-shame.jpg)](https://coolhunting.com/buy/cone-of-shame-notecards)

</div>

Spawned from her Cone of Shame series, photographer and creative
director Winnie Au's new notecardsâ€”which are currently funding on
Kickstarterâ€”are essentials for dog lovers and design enthusiasts alike.
Stylist Marie-Yan Morvan created

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Download Coloring Pages From Over 100
Museums](https://lifehacker.com/download-coloring-pages-from-over-100-museums-1832753859)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lifehacker.com/imagery/articles/01HF2GJK8ABCRCW2BBZC7M5RG5/hero-image.fill.size_1200x675.jpg)](https://lifehacker.com/download-coloring-pages-from-over-100-museums-1832753859)

</div>

We first shared this post in early 2019, long after the peak of the
adult coloring fad . But desperate times call for desperate measures,
and a globa

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Levimoon brings a levitating, light-up moon replica to your bedside
tab](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/10/12/the-levimoon-brings-a-levitating-light-up-moon-replica-to-your-bedside-table)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2018/10/204322/levimoon_1.jpg)](http://www.yankodesign.com/2018/10/12/the-levimoon-brings-a-levitating-light-up-moon-replica-to-your-bedside-table)

</div>

https://youtu.be/ZI5KLV6vmdY Some products are built purely for one's
eyes only. Designed to uplift spaces and enrich lives, the Levimoon is
one such product. Designed as a replica of our very own satellite, the
Levimoon is a levitating moon-like orb that can float, rotate, and even
light up in mid-air! The levitating base comes made from

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This deck of cards will spark small, IRL
experiences](https://boingboing.net/2018/08/21/this-deck-of-cards-will-spark.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Lively-Matter-by-Lea-Redmond-1.jpg?fit=680%2C511&ssl=1)](https://boingboing.net/2018/08/21/this-deck-of-cards-will-spark.html)

</div>

The fabulous Lea Redmond of Leafcutter Designs (previously) has launched
a brand new project. It's called Lively Matter and it's a 52-card
activity deck to create grand adventures and experiencesâ€¦

</div>

</div>
