<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# golang

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go Optimization Guide](https://goperf.dev/)

</div>

Patterns and Techniques for Writing High-Performance Applications with
Go

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building and Consuming Custom Packages in Go: A Complete
Guide](https://dev.to/ansu/building-and-consuming-custom-packages-in-go-a-complete-guide-15ce)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/ansu/building-and-consuming-custom-packages-in-go-a-complete-guide-15ce)

</div>

Go makes it easy to create and use packages. In this tutorial, we’ll
create a simple package that...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Go libraries that never failed us: 22 libraries you need to
know](https://threedots.tech/post/list-of-recommended-libraries)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://threedots.tech/images/covers/list-of-recommended-libraries-social.png)](https://threedots.tech/post/list-of-recommended-libraries)

</div>

In this guide, we share 22 Go libraries that have proven reliable across
multiple production systems we've built. We cover essential tools for
HTTP routing, database access, messaging, observability, and testing -
all based on our experience leading Go teams. For each library, we
explain its key strengths and provide practical usage tips. We also
highlight common mistakes to avoid when using these tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Book Release: Go For DevOps \#go \#golang \#sre \#devops \#terraform
\#kubernetes](https://www.amazon.com/Go-DevOps-language-Kubernetes-Terraform/dp/1801818894/ref=sr_1_1?crid=3UJVTH5WHIGI8&keywords=go+for+devops&qid=1656568378&sprefix=go+for+devops,aps,126&sr=8-1)

</div>

Go for DevOps: Learn how to use the Go language to automate servers, the
cloud, Kubernetes, GitHub, Packer, and Terraform \[Doak, John, Justice,
David\] on Amazon.com. \*FREE\* shipping on qualifying offers. Go for
DevOps: Learn how to use the Go language to automate servers, the cloud,
Kubernetes, GitHub, Packer, and Terraform

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to structure a golang
project](https://madflojo.medium.com/how-to-structure-a-golang-project-aad7095d70a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_VJpxlDmYwu2t9mnqcDBiw.jpeg)](https://madflojo.medium.com/how-to-structure-a-golang-project-aad7095d70a)

</div>

Structuring Go Projects is the number one question for Gophers, new and
old. What are the best practices? What should you not do?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go · How I Start.](http://howistart.org/posts/go/1)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why We Switched from Python to Go - Software Engineering
Daily](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2021/03/03/why-we-switched-from-python-to-go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/softwareengineeringdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/GoCowboy.png?fit=1536%2C847&ssl=1)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2021/03/03/why-we-switched-from-python-to-go)

</div>

Switching to a new language is always a big step, especially when only
one of your team members has prior experience with that language. Early
this year, we switched Stream’s primary programming language from Python
to Go. This post will explain some of the reasons why we decided to
leave Python behind and make the switch to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Experience Report: 6 months of
Go](https://typesanitizer.com/blog/go-experience-report.html)

</div>

A report of my positive and negative experiences with Go after using it
for 6 months at work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Effective Go - The Go Programming
Language](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://go.dev/doc/effective_go)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jmoiron/sqlx: general purpose extensions to golang's
database/sql](https://github.com/jmoiron/sqlx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8e9d25c1ebbcd31f8829ddf43efd7a6da24908a0fe90dea11f1974cfb9c215eb/jmoiron/sqlx)](https://github.com/jmoiron/sqlx)

</div>

general purpose extensions to golang's database/sql - jmoiron/sqlx

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building and distributing a command line tool in
Golang](https://dev.to/mauriciolinhares/building-and-distributing-a-command-line-tool-in-golang-go0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ff9i7fh1reaum3esht42f.jpg)](https://dev.to/mauriciolinhares/building-and-distributing-a-command-line-tool-in-golang-go0)

</div>

Thanks to its static binaries and cross-compiling, building and
distributing command-line apps in Go...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build Load Balancer in
Go](https://dev.to/b0r/build-load-balancer-in-go-1oo7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fn82654f1mum5ev114ddp.jpg)](https://dev.to/b0r/build-load-balancer-in-go-1oo7)

</div>

Learn how to build a simple load balancer server in Go. Table of
Contents: What is a Load...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Effective Go - The Go Programming
Language](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go?fbclid=IwAR34AoPKQjw-ejoavdyvPTfY-NloYvEKdYaFhfj_W6V941DtR-RkdUleDm8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go?fbclid=IwAR34AoPKQjw-ejoavdyvPTfY-NloYvEKdYaFhfj_W6V941DtR-RkdUleDm8)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Start a blog in 30 minutes with Hugo, a static site generator written
in Go](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/start-blog-30-minutes-hugo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opensource.com/sites/default/files/lead-images/programming-code-keyboard-laptop-music-headphones.png)](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/start-blog-30-minutes-hugo)

</div>

Get your new site up and running quickly with Hugo.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The art of solving problems with Monte Carlo simulations \| Gabriel
Carvalho](https://ggcarvalho.dev/posts/montecarlo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ggcarvalho.dev/img/posts/montecarlo/dies.jpg)](https://ggcarvalho.dev/posts/montecarlo)

</div>

Using the power of randomness to answer scientific questions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home - Practical Go Lessons Book](https://www.practical-go-lessons.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[stitchfix/mab: Library for multi-armed bandit selection strategies,
including efficient deterministic implementations of Thompson sampling
and epsilon-greedy.](https://github.com/stitchfix/mab)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/340162521/d1711100-774c-11eb-86cb-e4a5c793ebc8)](https://github.com/stitchfix/mab)

</div>

Library for multi-armed bandit selection strategies, including efficient
deterministic implementations of Thompson sampling and epsilon-greedy. -
stitchfix/mab

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quality Code with Go](https://gumroad.com/l/ASyXy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://public-files.gumroad.com/rytkkk945x1tyz5aifivn1a3kcrn)](https://gumroad.com/l/ASyXy)

</div>

Take a book on learning how to write Go code and add in the mindset of
test-driven development the fun way. When you read a book or watch a
course, it's a great accomplishment. You're learning how ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Eleven Years of Go - The Go Blog](https://blog.golang.org/11years)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://blog.golang.org/11years)

</div>

Happy Birthday, Go!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What's so great about Go? - Stack Overflow
Blog](https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/11/02/go-golang-learn-fast-programming-languages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://stackoverflow.blog/apple-touch-icon.png)](https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/11/02/go-golang-learn-fast-programming-languages)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TamaGo - bare metal Go for ARM
SoCs](https://github.com/f-secure-foundry/tamago)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/397a1cd1269ffb6b215a2a380d6d7b081d43cad542ec8559c11b90ed344102ae/usbarmory/tamago)](https://github.com/f-secure-foundry/tamago)

</div>

TamaGo - ARM/RISC-V bare metal Go.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Golang course with building a fintech banking app - Lesson 5: Bank
transactions PART 2](https://morioh.com/p/077822b7e273)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.blog.duomly.com/thumbnails/2020/06/golang-course-bank-transfers.png)](https://morioh.com/p/077822b7e273)

</div>

In Lesson 5 of the Golang course, we will continue with banking
transactions. We will build a new module named transactions that we

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Deploy A Golang App to
Heroku.](https://dev.to/heavykenny/how-to-deploy-a-golang-app-to-heroku-5g1j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fpyywo0ahnxktwvx4ldek.jpg)](https://dev.to/heavykenny/how-to-deploy-a-golang-app-to-heroku-5g1j)

</div>

This is a step by step tutorial on how to deploy a Golang app on Heroku.
Requirements. H...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go and CPU
Caches](https://medium.com/@teivah/go-and-cpu-caches-af5d32cc5592)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*J0vyCcdeeTk1OJMcmlOcTg.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@teivah/go-and-cpu-caches-af5d32cc5592)

</div>

How understanding the processor architecture can help us in optimizing
performance?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ultimate Go learning notes](https://github.com/hoanhan101/ultimate-go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/2285dad9bc577a414f68da429e327bb15027f27b16118cf1dc12bedd412a4a57/hoanhan101/ultimate-go)](https://github.com/hoanhan101/ultimate-go)

</div>

The Ultimate Go Study Guide.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn go panic and recover in
golang](https://ednsquare.com/story/learn-go-panic-and-recover-in-golang------1HSVNg)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Well-structured Logic: A Golang OOP
Tutorial](https://www.toptal.com/go/golang-oop-tutorial)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/9620183/og_image/optimized/0303-Go_lang___the_Object-oriented_Way_Dan_Social-def6e74df63f64cc8f19a61eba992adc.png)](https://www.toptal.com/go/golang-oop-tutorial)

</div>

Learn why and how in this handy tutorial on object-oriented programming
in Go.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a BitTorrent client from the ground up in Go \| Jesse
Li](https://blog.jse.li/posts/torrent)

</div>

What is the complete path between visiting thepiratebay and sublimating
an mp3 file from thin air? In this post, we'll implement enough of the
BitTorrent protocol to download Debian. Look at the \[Source
code\](https://github.com/veggiedefender/torrent-client/) or skip to the
\[last bit\](/posts/torrent#putting-it-all-together).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go 101 -Go 101](https://go101.org/article/101.html)

</div>

Golang online books, articles, tools, etc.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Million WebSockets and
Go](https://gbws.io/articles/million-websocket-and-go)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What's Coming in Go 1.14
\[slides\]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HfIwlVTmVWQk94OLKfTGvXpQxyp0U4ywG1u5j2tjiuE/mobilepresent?slide=id.g550f852d27_228_0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/docs/AHkbwyJSAjz2H4KkNxxZTnEGsJpg9mgYOxiFg6ucEXS5Mr6kbefvakwZxkanWxxqNylRc5UUxrB-2zx5nZhbcNmvK7dl4p20s5iKCtM6W4HXahHso0ArhhGF=w1200-h630-p)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HfIwlVTmVWQk94OLKfTGvXpQxyp0U4ywG1u5j2tjiuE/mobilepresent?slide=id.g550f852d27_228_0)

</div>

What's coming in Go 1.14 GoSheffield, 2019 - Daniel Martí

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go.dev: a new hub for Go developers - The Go
Blog](https://blog.golang.org/go.dev)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://blog.golang.org/go.dev)

</div>

Announcing go.dev, which answers: who else is using Go, what do they use
it for, and how can I find useful Go packages?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beating C with 70 Lines of
Go](https://ajeetdsouza.github.io/blog/posts/beating-c-with-70-lines-of-go)

</div>

Writing a faster wc utility in Go

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How We Built Uber Engineering’s Highest Query per Second Service Using
Go \|](https://eng.uber.com/go-geofence)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 things you (probably) don't know about
Go](https://talks.golang.org/2012/10things.slide#4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Revel, the Web Framework for Go!](http://revel.github.io)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go Modules in 2019 - The Go Programming
Language](https://blog.golang.org/modules2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://blog.golang.org/modules2019)

</div>

What the Go team is planning for Go modules in 2019.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Debugging what you deploy in Go 1.12 - The Go Programming
Language](https://blog.golang.org/debugging-what-you-deploy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://blog.golang.org/debugging-what-you-deploy)

</div>

Go 1.12 improves support for debugging optimized binaries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better Error Handling, in
Go](https://bet365techblog.com/better-error-handling-in-go)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Go Modules - The Go Programming
Language](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://go.dev/doc/gopher/gopher5logo.jpg)](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules)

</div>

An introduction to the basic operations needed to get started with Go
modules.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[dgryski/go-perfbook: Thoughts on Go performance
optimization](https://github.com/dgryski/go-perfbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8bc5db2224754bfd20c4f988c860286b91981214bbf45e8a821d7cb826913bcc/dgryski/go-perfbook)](https://github.com/dgryski/go-perfbook)

</div>

Thoughts on Go performance optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Account
Suspended](https://milapneupane.com.np/2019/07/06/learning-golang-from-zero-to-hero)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[quii/learn-go-with-tests: Learn Go with test-driven
development](https://github.com/quii/learn-go-with-tests)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/f42b0c533a32238c6879cf4a5678e72f5e4efae0ebe23b6934c152493d66c75f/quii/learn-go-with-tests)](https://github.com/quii/learn-go-with-tests)

</div>

Learn Go with test-driven development.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What's coming in Go 1.13 -
2019](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRo5urog_B76BcnQbIo7I391MZUKFj7l3gku6hypJ-WK1KCFw40A7BiM6NOVsqD17sA9jS7GyzCfnN4/pub)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/docs/AHkbwyJOTQG5EajALn2WgBWO8K93sYQ-yk4Yi4CzFSZ32971nMJ92-7PQGt48ixq-11q9der_0BmSyRxwk_sZQGDNX-uOIcwMsAaLvh2C7rKjOOQ1yku9jg=w1200-h630-p)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRo5urog_B76BcnQbIo7I391MZUKFj7l3gku6hypJ-WK1KCFw40A7BiM6NOVsqD17sA9jS7GyzCfnN4/pub)

</div>

What's coming in Go 1.13 GoSheffield, 2019 - Daniel Martí

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons learned porting 50k loc from Java to
Go](https://blog.kowalczyk.info/article/19f2fe97f06a47c3b1f118fd06851fad/lessons-learned-porting-50k-loc-from-java-to-go.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.kowalczyk.info/img/d9c147e05c9ef0d52d50e1e8e34468f0a452a2b1.jpg)](https://blog.kowalczyk.info/article/19f2fe97f06a47c3b1f118fd06851fad/lessons-learned-porting-50k-loc-from-java-to-go.html)

</div>

Things I've learned porting a 50 thousand lines of code from Java to Go

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Practical Go: Real world advice for writing maintainable Go
programs](https://dave.cheney.net/practical-go/presentations/qcon-china.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Interactive Go programming with
Jupyter](https://medium.com/@yunabe/interactive-go-programming-with-jupyter-93fbf089aff1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*G9UHk8SlhSr96gF0KQT0hg.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@yunabe/interactive-go-programming-with-jupyter-93fbf089aff1)

</div>

Introduction of a new feature-rich golang Jupyter kernel

</div>

</div>
