<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# gratitude

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Putting the “You” in “Thank You”: Examining Other-Praising Behavior as
the Active Relational Ingredient in Expressed
Gratitude](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC4988174/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/cms/images/pmc-card-share.jpg?_=0)](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC4988174/)

</div>

Although positive emotions as a class can build interpersonal resources,
recent evidence suggests a unique and direct role for gratitude. In the
current research, we shine the spotlight on what happens between a
grateful person and the benefactor to ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The small exercise that's a powerful mood
booster](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20241211-listing-three-good-things-mood-boost?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/1280x720/p0kbbn5x.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20241211-listing-three-good-things-mood-boost?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

Counting our blessings is an age-old piece of advice – but it turns out
that writing lists of good things that happen to us actually does help
improve our mood.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Expressing Gratitude to Employees, Timing
Matters](https://hbr.org/2024/11/when-expressing-gratitude-to-employees-timing-matters?utm_medium=email&utm_source=newsletter_daily&utm_campaign=mtod_notactsubs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2024/11/Nov24_21_439311968.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2024/11/when-expressing-gratitude-to-employees-timing-matters?utm_medium=email&utm_source=newsletter_daily&utm_campaign=mtod_notactsubs)

</div>

Extensive research has indicated the benefits of showing gratitude to
those around you, including your colleagues or employees. However, a new
study suggests that the timing of these expressions can make a big
difference. Through two experiments and an analysis of a top hospital’s
intensive care units, researchers found that when you express gratitude
to others before they engage in a distressing task it helps counteract
some of the negative emotions associated with the task. Expressing
gratitude early also makes employees more likely to persist through
difficulty and bounce back and be resilient following failure. The
authors suggests ways to show gratitude meaningfully and create a
culture where your employees feel their work is seen, supported, and
valued.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Thank you
notes](http://pointsandfigures.com/2018/09/09/thank-you-notes)

</div>

</div>

</div>
