<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# growth-hacks

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Do Things that Don't Scale](https://paulgraham.com/ds.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Cold Email Handbook](https://www.za-zu.com/blog/playbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://za-zu.com/og?title=The%20Cold%20Email%20Handbook)](https://www.za-zu.com/blog/playbook)

</div>

Learn how to master cold email outreach from \$0 to \$1M ARR. A
comprehensive playbook on infrastructure, copywriting, and AI-powered
personalization at scale.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why The Haters are Wrong About Growth
Hacking](https://bothsidesofthetable.com/why-the-haters-are-wrong-about-growth-hacking-9eba7f4a3ced#.83t8eqbmv)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*ZZXl0AHobX_mmPkO.jpg)](https://bothsidesofthetable.com/why-the-haters-are-wrong-about-growth-hacking-9eba7f4a3ced#.83t8eqbmv)

</div>

There’s an article making the rounds in tech circles titled “Growth
Hacking is Bull” written by Muhammad Saleem. I’d like to make the case
that the article is wrong. I’d strongly encourage you to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/recipe-of-viral-features)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Greatest Word of Mouth Follow-up Question...
Ever!](http://sixteenventures.com/word-of-mouth-follow-up)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sixteenventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/The-Greatest-Word-of-Mouth-Follow-up-Question-Ever.png)](http://sixteenventures.com/word-of-mouth-follow-up)

</div>

Word of mouth is powerful... but this follow-up question allows you to
harness that power to supercharge your marketing. Use it wisely and
carefully.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Go-to-Market Plan
Template](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1idjXAJDUn8EOMnzE5B0ZtR3BcQAdN3YteFGBoPkUUEI/edit#slide=id.p)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/docs/AHkbwyJMnD77gyyZULQWfX-9nEJ8dKfuBG2oaygb-OZDQRdQko3QRo2JCZdKBevTRhwryMr8M0U4K3LVIukR7d5dNSk8KWqwkemNXN9qbflbrFQuMDBpmDs=w1200-h630-p)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1idjXAJDUn8EOMnzE5B0ZtR3BcQAdN3YteFGBoPkUUEI/edit#slide=id.p)

</div>

Go-to-Market Plan \[Product Name\] \[author1@, author2@...\] Last
Updated: \[ \_/\_/\_ \]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Meditation on Word of Mouth Marketing and Growth
Hacking](https://medium.com/@lincolnmurphy/a-meditation-on-word-of-mouth-marketing-and-growth-hacking-2cc029e18afe#.uagwbagfg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:699/1*U5xwepZpfsmGxgq20fWxDA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@lincolnmurphy/a-meditation-on-word-of-mouth-marketing-and-growth-hacking-2cc029e18afe#.uagwbagfg)

</div>

Orchestrating Offline Conversations in an Always-Online World

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[twoodo.com - This website is for sale! - twoodo Resources and
Information.](http://blog.twoodo.com/14/huge-epic-list-of-growth-hacking-tools-for-non-coders)

</div>

This website is for sale! twoodo.com is your first and best source for
all of the information you’re looking for. From general topics to more
of what you would expect to find here, twoodo.com has it all. We hope
you find what you are searching for!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Leaders: User Acquisition
Series](https://blog.adamnash.com/2012/03/28/product-leaders-user-acquisition-series)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](https://blog.adamnash.com/2012/03/28/product-leaders-user-acquisition-series)

</div>

I can be pedantic about user acquisition.  The truth is that consumer
web and mobile applications are under increasing pressure to demonstrate
explosive exponential traction.  Building a great prod…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Pinterest drives sustainable
growth](https://medium.com/@Pinterest_Engineering/how-pinterest-drives-sustainable-growth-1a3f150a1f98#.b33f4pnsb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:500/0*iDG_nIUnSL2LfvmM.png)](https://medium.com/@Pinterest_Engineering/how-pinterest-drives-sustainable-growth-1a3f150a1f98#.b33f4pnsb)

</div>

Marc Andreessen famously said that for startups, “the only thing that
matters is getting to product/market fit.” Product/market fit means
providing enough value to enough people that the startup can…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[22 Ways to Reduce SaaS Churn with Growth
Hacking](http://sixteenventures.com/growth-hacking-retention)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sixteenventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/reduce-churn-growth-hacking.png)](http://sixteenventures.com/growth-hacking-retention)

</div>

Ever wonder how to apply Growth Hacking thinking to reducing churn and
increasing retention? Here are 22 ways to make that happen.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Recipe for Growth: Adding Layers to the Cake \| Andreessen
Horowitz](http://a16z.com/2012/01/18/a-recipe-for-growth-adding-layers-to-the-cake-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d1lamhf6l6yk6d.cloudfront.net/uploads/2012/01/A-Recipe-for-Growth_-Adding-Layers-to-the-Cake-Twitter.jpg)](http://a16z.com/2012/01/18/a-recipe-for-growth-adding-layers-to-the-cake-2)

</div>

Adding new layers of complementary businesses on top of your core
product can fight the “gravity effect” of scaling and boost long-term
growth.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top Hacks from a PM Behind Two of Tech's Hottest
Products](http://firstround.com/review/Top-Hacks-from-a-PM-Behind-Two-of-Techs-Hottest-Products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2f1o7diz1lsannhv4fyyt0_gmail-hires-gmail1.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/Top-Hacks-from-a-PM-Behind-Two-of-Techs-Hottest-Products)

</div>

Todd Jackson has experience managing products at Google, Facebook and
his own startup. Here's what he learned.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[‘Give Away Your Legos’ and Other Commandments for Scaling
Startups](http://firstround.com/review/give-away-your-legos-and-other-commandments-for-scaling-startups)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2ffrqz6prtrqqllq8mdhju_6a0115714b7dbf970c01675f67f4e0970b.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/give-away-your-legos-and-other-commandments-for-scaling-startups)

</div>

Molly Graham helped forge a work culture at Facebook that's withstood
huge amounts of growth. Today, she's something of a rapid scaling
expert. Here's the key to doing it right, she says.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/35-growth-hacking-tools)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Twilio Segment
Blog](https://segment.com/blog/how-segment-models-growth-for-two-sided-marketplaces)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://segment.com/content/dam/segment/global/en/blog/legacy/shared/SegmentOgImage-50313581c7e6a8554429b3a63c98a809.jpg)](https://segment.com/blog/how-segment-models-growth-for-two-sided-marketplaces)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TOP 10 proven growth hacks for 2019 \[examples, case
studies\]](https://medium.com/startup-grind/top-10-proven-growth-hacking-ideas-for-2016-bcd3c126de63#.55g9mk6mm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*w12lqo5gsffGnNpARa2DfA.png)](https://medium.com/startup-grind/top-10-proven-growth-hacking-ideas-for-2016-bcd3c126de63#.55g9mk6mm)

</div>

These easy growth hacking tactics increased conversions, opt-ins, sales
by up to 1,900%. Put them into practice in 2019.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Ways to Build Virality into your
Product](https://medium.com/gabor/9-ways-to-build-virality-into-your-product-5975e1fe74e3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*w-Ply7YUXceBV0_q-ICyVQ.png)](https://medium.com/gabor/9-ways-to-build-virality-into-your-product-5975e1fe74e3)

</div>

If your startup is building a consumer product, your product has to be
viral. For consumer products, the average revenue per user tends to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growth Hacking: 100 Hacks, Strategies & Techniques - Wishpond
Blog](http://blog.wishpond.com/post/115675436672/growth-hacking)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://corp.wishpond.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/postsignup.jpg)](http://blog.wishpond.com/post/115675436672/growth-hacking)

</div>

Try these 100 growth hacking strategies and techniques to grow your
business with minimal investment or effort.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Traction PDF Summary - Gabriel Weinberg & Justin Mares \| 12min
Blog](https://blog.12min.com/traction-pdf-summary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.12min.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/GetNugget-Replacement-Images.png)](https://blog.12min.com/traction-pdf-summary)

</div>

Traction PDF Summary by Gabriel Weinberg & Justin Mares pinpoints how
startups can climb the ladder at lightning speed and learn how to expand
your company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[User Acquisition: Viral Factor
Basics](https://blog.adamnash.com/2012/04/04/user-acquisition-viral-factor-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://adamnash.blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/lot-of-rabbits.jpg)](https://blog.adamnash.com/2012/04/04/user-acquisition-viral-factor-basics)

</div>

This is the second post in a three post series on user acquisition. In
the first post in this series, we covered the basics of the five sources
of traffic to a web-based product.  This next post co…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Batman Is A Growth
Hacker](http://www.adweek.com/digital/batman-is-a-growth-hacker?red=st)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.adweek.com/wp-content/themes/adweek-next/assets/images/adweek-placeholder.png)](http://www.adweek.com/digital/batman-is-a-growth-hacker?red=st)

</div>

B.J. Mendelson breaks down how Batman is a growth hacker, and what we
can learn about the field from him.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Dozen Attributes of a Scalable
Business](https://25iq.com/2017/08/25/a-dozen-attributes-of-a-scalable-business)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://25iq.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/tvs.jpg)](https://25iq.com/2017/08/25/a-dozen-attributes-of-a-scalable-business)

</div>

“A startup is a company designed to grow fast. Being newly founded does
not in itself make a company a startup. Nor is it necessary for a
startup to work on technology, or take venture fundin…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[28 Clever Under the Radar Growth Hack
Examples](https://medium.com/@andottto/28-clever-under-the-radar-growth-hack-examples-b8a90781087d#.ezk5p02we)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1001/1*3kQaQ25i7ZAAssax7tJDhg.png)](https://medium.com/@andottto/28-clever-under-the-radar-growth-hack-examples-b8a90781087d#.ezk5p02we)

</div>

We all know about the Paypal, Hotmail, and Airbnb growth hacks. Here are
28 new growth hack examples to help you market your web and mobile

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pando: Democratizing career
progression](https://pando.com/2012/11/20/liquidity-hacking-how-to-build-a-two-sided-marketplace)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/60e5a01c91b826762b161193/6112c2680c86ad3cd632ab90_og.png)](https://pando.com/2012/11/20/liquidity-hacking-how-to-build-a-two-sided-marketplace)

</div>

Democratizing career progression

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There’s only a few ways to scale user growth, and here’s the
list](http://andrewchen.co/theres-only-a-few-ways-to-scale-user-growth-and-heres-the-list)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growth Hacking
Checklist](http://mattishness.blogspot.com/2012/09/growth-hacking-checklist.html)

</div>

“My biggest surprise was when we launched the Facebook app and it didn’t
go viral” -Startup CEO quote “The month after we ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Makes Content Spread: Anatomy of a Post With 500,000+
Likes](https://blog.bufferapp.com/what-makes-content-go-viral-the-anatomy-of-a-post-that-got-over-500000-likes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://buffer.com/resources/content/images/resources/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/mifCJ9I.jpg)](https://blog.bufferapp.com/what-makes-content-go-viral-the-anatomy-of-a-post-that-got-over-500000-likes)

</div>

How can I make my content go viral? I sat down with the viral marketing
geniuses Marc and Angel to discuss content marketing and other key tips.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Do Things that Don't Scale](http://paulgraham.com/ds.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RapGenius Growth Hack
Exposed](http://jmarbach.com/rapgenius-growth-hack-exposed)

</div>

Yesterday RapGenius posted the following announcement on their Facebook
page: As a contributor to various blogs and an endearing fan of
RapGenius, I took

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Ways To Make Your Startup Grow
Virally](http://viniciusvacanti.com/2012/02/27/9-ways-to-make-your-startup-grow-virally)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Liquidity hacking: Solving the chicken-egg dilemma with marketplace
startups](http://venturebeat.com/2012/11/23/liquidity-hacking)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/liquidity-hacking.jpg?w=1000?w=1200&strip=all)](http://venturebeat.com/2012/11/23/liquidity-hacking)

</div>

Guest How to get a two-sided marketplace startup like Airbnb, Exec, or
eBay up and running -- the painless way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[35 Growth Hacking Tools for Marketers Who Don’t
Code](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/growth-hacking-analytics)

</div>

So here it is: your epic list of tools for marketers with a technical
mindset but limited coding chops

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reddit Was Built On Legions of Fake Accounts \| The Mary
Sue](http://www.themarysue.com/reddit-fake-account-origins)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.themarysue.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/NewTMSlogo.jpg?fit=1200%2C656)](http://www.themarysue.com/reddit-fake-account-origins)

</div>

Reddit has never been a place where you could necessarily connect one
user with one account. Parody accounts are commonplace -- to a fault if
you ask some -- and there have been more than one fiasco involving users
who pretend to be different people with different accounts; it's crazy.
It's also extremely fitting. Why? Because when Reddit was first started,
it was populated almost entirely with content submitted by fake users.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Growth Hacking Goes Bad \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2014/01/03/when-growth-hacking-goes-bad)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/growth-hacker1.jpg)](https://techcrunch.com/2014/01/03/when-growth-hacking-goes-bad)

</div>

Andreessen Horowitz-backed music lyrics and annotations Rap Genius was
the latest to stray over to the darker side of so-called "growth
hacking," with its spammy SEO tactics disguised as an affiliate program.
Called out, exposed and now punished by Google, the site's traffic
has tanked. But Rap Genius, thanks in part to that \$15 million
investment, will probably recover. They'll clean up their links, make
amends, and maybe even get back into Google's good graces. End users
will once again land on Rap Genius's pages, many of them none the wiser
for the time the site spent in the penalty box. Other startups may not
be as lucky.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Defining A Growth Hacker: Growth Is Not A Marketing Strategy \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2012/10/20/defining-a-growth-hacker-growth-is-not-a-marketing-strategy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/aaron.jpeg)](https://techcrunch.com/2012/10/20/defining-a-growth-hacker-growth-is-not-a-marketing-strategy)

</div>

“Viral marketing is not a marketing strategy,” Andrew Chen wrote back in
2007. “Successful viral products don’t have viral marketing bolted on
once the product has been developed. It’s not a marketing strategy.
Instead, it’s designed into the product from the very beginning as part
of the fundamental architecture of the experience.”

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Qualities of World Class Growth Hacking
Teams](https://thenextweb.com/entrepreneur/2015/04/22/9-qualities-of-world-class-growth-hacking-teams#.tnw_oKVFaOBx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2015%2F04%2Fhackteams.jpg&signature=eb02e32effd53499e3c479c1a3c13bc3)](https://thenextweb.com/entrepreneur/2015/04/22/9-qualities-of-world-class-growth-hacking-teams#.tnw_oKVFaOBx)

</div>

Here's our guide for assembling a growth team who strive for constant
improvement, with a commitment to understanding why experiments succeed
or fail.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[23 Tactical Company Building Lessons, Learned From Scaling Stripe &
Notion](https://review.firstround.com/23-tactical-company-building-lessons-learned-from-scaling-stripe-and-notion)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fcristina-20review-20story.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/23-tactical-company-building-lessons-learned-from-scaling-stripe-and-notion)

</div>

From Stripe to Notion, Cristina Cordova has worked on some of the
biggest products in tech. She shares tactical tidbits on what she’s
learned about about scaling companies and shaping your career.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ultimate Product Led Growth Resources
Guide](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/the-ultimate-product-led-growth-resources-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/PLG-Resources-Guide.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/the-ultimate-product-led-growth-resources-guide)

</div>

OpenView's Kyle Poyar presents an inclusive guide featuring the best
resources available to help you execute a successful product-led growth
strategy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Adding More Products Isn’t Always the Best Way to
Grow](https://hbr.org/2018/08/why-adding-more-products-isnt-always-the-best-way-to-grow)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/08/aug18_28_82401081.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/08/why-adding-more-products-isnt-always-the-best-way-to-grow)

</div>

Product expansion is often used as a path to growth, but it can have
unintended consequences for other aspects of the business — including
the customer experience central to the company’s value proposition.
Indeed, current trends are moving away from broad offerings in many
industries. A recent poll had 64% of consumers saying they would pay
more for a simpler, more convenient experience. The trick is, growth
strategies have to fit the company’s current context, especially its
brand promise and its target market. Once the company has a strategy to
fit the context, it can sequence out the various steps to implement it.
For example, McDonald’s had known for years that customers wanted
all-day breakfast, but to be able to offer it, it first had to
streamline and revamp its kitchens.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[51 Examples of Growth Hacking Strategies & Techniques From The World’s
Most](https://johnmcelborough.com/growth-hacking-strategies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://johnmcelborough.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/growth-hacking-strategies.jpg)](https://johnmcelborough.com/growth-hacking-strategies)

</div>

Learn how the world's fastest growing companies have hacked their way to
success with innovative products, viral promotions and ingenious
marketing campaigns. \[6500 words\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Indie Hackers: Work Together to Build Profitable Online
Businesses](https://www.indiehackers.com/@RickVanHaasteren/how-i-got-my-first-1000-users-47d06edc3d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.indiehackers.com/images/shareables/home.jpg)](https://www.indiehackers.com/@RickVanHaasteren/how-i-got-my-first-1000-users-47d06edc3d)

</div>

Connect with developers sharing the strategies and revenue numbers
behind their companies and side projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How we grew from 0 to 4 million women on our fashion app, with a
vertical machine learning
approach](https://medium.com/@aldamiz/how-we-grew-from-0-to-4-million-women-on-our-fashion-app-with-a-vertical-machine-learning-approach-f8b7fc0a89d7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1046/1*CmkNDya3HNLm6DjxfV-MZA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@aldamiz/how-we-grew-from-0-to-4-million-women-on-our-fashion-app-with-a-vertical-machine-learning-approach-f8b7fc0a89d7)

</div>

My name is Gabi (my bio), and I’m the CEO and co-founder of Chicisimo.
We launched three years ago, our goal was to offer automated outfit…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How we grew from 0 to 4 million women on our fashion app, with a
vertical
m](https://hackernoon.com/how-we-grew-from-0-to-4-million-women-on-our-fashion-app-with-a-vertical-machine-learning-approach-f8b7fc0a89d7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hackernoon.imgix.net/fallback-feat.png)](https://hackernoon.com/how-we-grew-from-0-to-4-million-women-on-our-fashion-app-with-a-vertical-machine-learning-approach-f8b7fc0a89d7)

</div>

Three years ago we launched Chicisimo, our goal was to offer automated
outfit advice. Today, with over 4 million women on the app, we want to
share how our data and machine learning approach helped us grow. It’s
been chaotic but it is now under control.

</div>

</div>
