<div class="nav">

‚üµ [Up](index.html) ¬†\|¬† [Index](index.html)

</div>

# heroku

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Practical Steps to Reduce Heroku
Costs](https://judoscale.com/blog/heroku-cost-savings)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://og.judoscale.com/api/og?title=Practical+Steps+to+Reduce+Heroku+Costs&author=Jeff+Morhous)](https://judoscale.com/blog/heroku-cost-savings)

</div>

Heroku can quickly get expensive. Dig into this article to learn some
concrete strategies to reduce your Heroku bill!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing \| Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://www.heroku.com/pricing)

</div>

Heroku offers simple, flexible pricing to meet the needs of every app
and every organization. Add data stores, cloud services, support, and
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heroku alternatives for Rails projects: Deploying my shit to
fly.io](https://richstone.io/heroku-alternatives-for-rails-projects-deploying-my-shit-on-fly-io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://digitalpress.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/xhtzjbw/2022/10/goo-code-makes-its-way-to-the-Cloud.PNG)](https://richstone.io/heroku-alternatives-for-rails-projects-deploying-my-shit-on-fly-io)

</div>

I like to develop production projects and side projects as
deployment-driven as possible. Over the years I had tons of projects on
Heroku and I'm grateful for the experience üôè But if tons of projects
are to come again, I don't see a point in paying 7\$ bucks per
side-project. Luckily

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Render: Awesome alternative for
Heroku](https://dev.to/maklut/render-awesome-alternative-for-heroku-mf2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fu6kmbieir6su8dt70z3l.png)](https://dev.to/maklut/render-awesome-alternative-for-heroku-mf2)

</div>

Heroku will stop offering its free tiers this November, leaving
developers to choose other...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heroku no longer offers free service, what's the best alternative
now?](https://dev.to/cyril/heroku-no-longer-offers-free-service-whats-the-best-alternative-now-2ghh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/cyril/heroku-no-longer-offers-free-service-whats-the-best-alternative-now-2ghh)

</div>

Heroku was such a simple and free experience to host side project and
start developing. What is the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heroku no longer offers free service, what's the best alternative
now?](https://dev.to/adorism/comment/218hi)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/adorism/comment/218hi)

</div>

Heroku was such a simple and free experience to host side project and
start developing. What is the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Free Alternatives to
Heroku](https://dev.to/daveson217/free-alternatives-to-heroku-3jh9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/daveson217/free-alternatives-to-heroku-3jh9)

</div>

Given the recent news about Heroku bringing an end to free dynos and
PostgreSQL databases, what other...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scheduling Jobs on
Heroku](https://dev.to/brianmarete/scheduling-jobs-on-heroku-3854)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/brianmarete/scheduling-jobs-on-heroku-3854)

</div>

Heroku Scheduler is a free Heroku add-on that runs any command that can
be run in your application at...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite on Heroku \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sqlite3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sqlite3)

</div>

A guide to SQLite on Heroku - explaining why using SQLite on Heroku's
ephemeral file system is a bad fit, and looking at alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: Cheaper Heroku alternatives for Rails apps? \| Hacker
News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30755202)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started on Heroku with Node.js \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)

</div>

A step-by-step guide for deploying your first Node app and mastering the
basics of Heroku

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploying Jekyll to
Heroku](http://www.johnmurray.io/log/2016/08/08/Jekyll-on-Heroku.html)

</div>

So you have a static site in Jekyll that you want to deploy toHeroku.
Lucky for you, this is a relatively easy task and does notrequire
anything as complex a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Heroku CLI \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli#download-and-install)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli#download-and-install)

</div>

How to download, install, and start using the Heroku CLI. The Heroku CLI
used to be part of the Heroku Toolbelt.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Deploy a Full-Stack MERN App with
Heroku/Netlify](https://dev.to/stlnick/how-to-deploy-a-full-stack-mern-app-with-heroku-netlify-ncb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fjy1eavpf2fm467w8uopz.jpeg)](https://dev.to/stlnick/how-to-deploy-a-full-stack-mern-app-with-heroku-netlify-ncb)

</div>

This post is intended to be a guide for those that want to deploy a
full-stack MERN app. It will be v...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cloud Application Platform \| Heroku](https://www.heroku.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://www.heroku.com)

</div>

Heroku is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to
build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to deploy streamlit app to
Heroku](https://dev.to/kevorkkeheian/how-to-deploy-streamlit-app-to-heroku-khn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fokdxw3daupjbkntovf88.png)](https://dev.to/kevorkkeheian/how-to-deploy-streamlit-app-to-heroku-khn)

</div>

Hello everyone, This is a step by step tutorial about how to deploy your
Streamlit app to Heroku. ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create a Web App in Under Thirty Minutes with Streamlit, MongoDB and
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-a-web-app-in-under-thirty-minutes-with-streamlit-mongodb-and-heroku-41f211953786)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*YYDKyIIbLanZqjOh)](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-a-web-app-in-under-thirty-minutes-with-streamlit-mongodb-and-heroku-41f211953786)

</div>

An aspiring Full Stack Developer‚Äôs guide to quickly developing and
deploying scalable web applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploy an NLP pipeline. Flask Heroku
Bert.](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploy-an-nlp-pipeline-flask-heroku-bert-f13a302efd9d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*5mrPjkeY-esxQrL-.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploy-an-nlp-pipeline-flask-heroku-bert-f13a302efd9d)

</div>

A simple quick solution for deploying an NLP project and challenges you
may faced during the process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploying a basic Streamlit app to
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-a-basic-streamlit-app-to-heroku-be25a527fcb3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fIEKxiVouesevXYZJ0xx_w.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/deploying-a-basic-streamlit-app-to-heroku-be25a527fcb3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

This article demonstrates the deployment of a basic Streamlit app (that
simulates the Central Limit Theorem) to Heroku.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Buildpacks vs
Dockerfiles](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/buildpacks-vs-dockerfiles)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhttas9u5/image/upload/c_fill,dpr_2,fl_progressive,h_800,q_auto,w_1600/duk0vhe6b2vyxj7f7wzj.jpg)](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/buildpacks-vs-dockerfiles)

</div>

Read more on the Doximity Technology Blog about how our engineers and
data scientists are building the largest online network for clinicians.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best alternatives to hosting on
Heroku?](https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/l59eti/best_alternatives_to_hosting_on_heroku)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/l59eti)](https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/l59eti/best_alternatives_to_hosting_on_heroku)

</div>

33 votes, 56 comments. Heroku is easy to use and has a good marketplace.
They make it really easy to deploy and to purchase additional resources.
I‚Ä¶

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Deploy your Custom ML Model with Streamlit and
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-deploy-your-custom-ml-model-with-streamlit-and-heroku-53456cb054fb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*6WCBUsrXaeIaO6j2XBzQZg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-deploy-your-custom-ml-model-with-streamlit-and-heroku-53456cb054fb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Step-by-Step Guide to Host your Models!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create and Deploy your First Flask App using Python and
Heroku](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/09/flask-app-using-python-heroku.html)

</div>

Flask is a straightforward and lightweight web application framework for
Python applications. This guide walks you through how to write an
application using Flask with a deployment on Heroku.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ReactJS Python Flask on
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/reactjs-python-flask-on-heroku-2a308272886a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*6ptNtrrfjTYPFeWx)](https://towardsdatascience.com/reactjs-python-flask-on-heroku-2a308272886a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Making a Framework for API Development and Deployment

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heroku Dynos: Sizes, Types, and How Many You
Need](https://railsautoscale.com/how-many-dynos)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://og.judoscale.com/api/og?title=Heroku+Dynos%3A+Sizes%2C+Types%2C+and+How+Many+You+Need&author=Adam+McCrea)](https://railsautoscale.com/how-many-dynos)

</div>

The ultimate guide to dynos on Heroku. If you‚Äôve ever asked "how many
dynos do I need?" or "which dyno type is right for my app?", this is the
guide for you.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Active Storage on Heroku \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/active-storage-on-heroku)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/active-storage-on-heroku)

</div>

Rails \[5.2 introduced Active
Storage\](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_storage_overview.html)
as a way of managing attaching and saving files to Active Record models.
This guide will cover how to use Active Storage on Heroku.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started on Heroku with Python \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#introduction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#introduction)

</div>

A step-by-step guide for deploying your first Python app and mastering
the basics of Heroku

</div>

</div>
