<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# html

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Few Things About the Anchor Element’s href You Might Not Have
Known](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2025/href-value-possibilities/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/assets/img/twitter-card.png)](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2025/href-value-possibilities/)

</div>

Writing about the big beautiful mess that is making things for the world
wide web.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Color Names — HTML Color
Codes](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/assets/images/html-color-codes-picker-charts-names-tutorials-resources.jpg)](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)

</div>

HTML color names rule. Modern browsers support 140 HTML color names
which we've listed here along with their Hex color codes and RGB values.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Plain Vanilla](https://plainvanillaweb.com/index.html)

</div>

An explainer for doing web development using only vanilla techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lesser Known Uses Of Better Known Attributes — Smashing
Magazine](https://smashingmagazine.com/2025/01/lesser-known-uses-better-known-attributes/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/lesser-known-uses-better-known-attributes/lesser-known-uses-better-known-attributes.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2025/01/lesser-known-uses-better-known-attributes/)

</div>

HTML attributes are like little instructions that we add to the markup
of elements to make them do certain things or behave in certain ways.
For example, most of us know that the \`target\` attribute with a value
of \`\_blank\` opens the link in a new tab or window. But did you know
that you can use it on the \`form\` element, too? John Rhea presents
several lesser-known uses for common HTML attributes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Over The Wire](https://hotwired.dev)

</div>

Hotwire is an alternative approach to building modern web applications
without using much JavaScript by sending HTML instead of JSON over the
wire.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Effects With HTML
Canvas](https://dev.to/imac/image-effects-with-html-canvas-1kgf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fi02zgs4rwv2z8k4y5cb3.png)](https://dev.to/imac/image-effects-with-html-canvas-1kgf)

</div>

HTML Canvas is an element I don't see very often in the wild, but when I
do, there's always something...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Y2Z/monolith](https://github.com/Y2Z/monolith)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/ec1e2539bdbee1cf91a7543b65b4cda9ae51c00bf9e29d95cc54aa51e22045d0/Y2Z/monolith)](https://github.com/Y2Z/monolith)

</div>

⬛️ CLI tool for saving complete web pages as a single HTML file -
Y2Z/monolith

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Semantic HTML cheat
sheet](https://dev.to/sabeerjuniad/semantic-html-cheat-sheet-3be9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fzht069y2tt9dfrmyj3p0.jpg)](https://dev.to/sabeerjuniad/semantic-html-cheat-sheet-3be9)

</div>

There are hundreds of semantic tags available to help describe the
meaning of your HTML documents....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I keep making things out of
checkboxes](https://www.bryanbraun.com/2021/09/21/i-keep-making-things-out-of-checkboxes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.bryanbraun.com/assets/images/logo.png)](https://www.bryanbraun.com/2021/09/21/i-keep-making-things-out-of-checkboxes)

</div>

Something happened earlier this year where I got on a run making
checkbox animations and just couldn’t stop.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Converting an Image into ASCII Art
Masterpiece](https://www.jonathan-petitcolas.com/2017/12/28/converting-image-to-ascii-art.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.jonathan-petitcolas.com/img/posts/ascii-art-converter/homer-living-room-ascii.png)](https://www.jonathan-petitcolas.com/2017/12/28/converting-image-to-ascii-art.html)

</div>

While browsing Stack Overflow, I generally browse one or two links from
the sidebar 'Hot Network Questions'. It brings me to several interesting
topics, not necessarily related to development. And this time, I found
an interesting post: how do ASCII art image conversion algorithms work?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Please Make Your Table Headings
Sticky](https://btxx.org/posts/Please_Make_Your_Table_Headings_Sticky)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hotwire Modals in Ruby on Rails with Stimulus and Turbo
Frames](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/02/21/hotwire-modals-in-ruby-on-rails-with-stimulus-and-turbo-frames.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkhvdHdpcmUgTW9kYWxzIGluIFJ1Ynkgb24gUmFpbHMgd2l0aCBTdGltdWx1cyBhbmQgVHVyYm8gRnJhbWVzIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiaW1hZ2UiLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2Jsb2cvMjAyNC0wMi9ob3R3aXJlLXAxLmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=ce18d1f1edeba06dbbe83d2b58298b437d29a7ce2a13f007ae44dd30fab56545)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/02/21/hotwire-modals-in-ruby-on-rails-with-stimulus-and-turbo-frames.html)

</div>

In the first part of our series, we'll explore two Hotwire methods to
make modals accessible in your Rails application.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Draw with JavaScript on an HTML Canvas Element – Beginner's
Guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/drawing-on-a-canvas-element-with-javascript?fbclid=IwAR269BPV8HYAd0mzG7Fh6MgA2FvwUnVE0HJ03mgyka--SM7TcztqOrH7GcI)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/content/images/2024/02/Gorillas-Keynote.001-1.png)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/drawing-on-a-canvas-element-with-javascript?fbclid=IwAR269BPV8HYAd0mzG7Fh6MgA2FvwUnVE0HJ03mgyka--SM7TcztqOrH7GcI)

</div>

There are many ways to code graphics for the web. You can create art
with CSS. You can code an SVG image as part of an HTML file. Or you can
generate graphics from JavaScript using the Canvas API. In this article,
we'll explore how to use JavaScript ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML CheatSheet: Master the Most Commonly Used HTML
Tags](https://morioh.com/a/3c502ee7dbaf/html-cheatsheet-master-the-most-commonly-used-html-tags)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.morioh.com/2023/09/29/56918742.webp)](https://morioh.com/a/3c502ee7dbaf/html-cheatsheet-master-the-most-commonly-used-html-tags)

</div>

Master the most commonly used HTML tags with this comprehensive
cheatsheet. This comprehensive HTML cheatsheet covers the most commonly
used HTML tags you need to know, from structural tags to text formatting
tags to image and link tags. It's the perfect resource for web
developers and beginners alike.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Path To Awesome CSS Easing With The linear()
Function](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/path-css-easing-linear-function)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/path-css-easing-linear-function/path-css-easing-linear-function.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/path-css-easing-linear-function)

</div>

With the new CSS \`linear()\` easing function on the horizon, the
possibilities of what we can do to create natural-feeling animations and
transitions in the future are greatly expanded. Jhey Tompkins looks at
the current state of CSS easing in this article and demonstrates what we
can expect from \`linear()\`, including handy tools to get your hands on
it today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSS \| Trigonometry
Circle](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-trigonometry-circle-3bl3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fahqcvbze5vky9kzir95m.png)](https://dev.to/shubhamtiwari909/css-trigonometry-circle-3bl3)

</div>

Hello Frondend developers, today i will show you how to create a
circular element layout with css...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Advanced CSS Selectors You Should
Know](https://dev.to/mainulspace/7-advanced-css-selectors-you-should-know-70g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fexxjiaz07d6143smp1zz.png)](https://dev.to/mainulspace/7-advanced-css-selectors-you-should-know-70g)

</div>

CSS is indispensable when we talk about web design and development.
Basic selectors like classes (.)...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adding a URL
class](https://browserbook.substack.com/p/adding-a-url-class?r=oc5d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:best,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fbrowserbook.substack.com%2Ftwitter%2Fsubscribe-card.jpg%3Fv%3D-2115215977%26version%3D9)](https://browserbook.substack.com/p/adding-a-url-class?r=oc5d)

</div>

Hi all!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to do stunning 3D with pure
HTML/CSS](https://dev.to/martinp/how-to-do-stunning-3d-with-pure-htmlcss-ah)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Felt31itdhi46mi8rci8x.png)](https://dev.to/martinp/how-to-do-stunning-3d-with-pure-htmlcss-ah)

</div>

HTML and CSS may be the bedrock of 2D web design, but hidden within
their virtual toolbox are the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is a Tooltip? Definition, Types, and Best
Practices](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-is-a-tooltip-in-ui-ux)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Tooltip-Best-Practices-min.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-is-a-tooltip-in-ui-ux)

</div>

Time to define tooltips and share best practices. Explore tooltip types
and its examples in our blog post coming from a prototyping tool.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I'm betting on HTML](https://catskull.net/html.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://catskull.net/assets/opengraph.webp)](https://catskull.net/html.html)

</div>

AI Use Disclaimer: I wrote this post and then GPT-4 fixed my grammer and
spelling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Cool CodePen Demos
(July 2023)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-july-2023-590l)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ftfw3mg1mfnyng0ca29pp.png)](https://dev.to/alvaromontoro/10-cool-codepen-demos-july-2023-590l)

</div>

A collection of 10 cool and exciting front-end demos shared on CodePen
during July 2023

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create a Beautiful Particle Animation with HTML
Canvas](https://dev.to/cruip_com/how-to-create-a-beautiful-particle-animation-with-html-canvas-n22)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fjke3pjch7h8ztosyivha.png)](https://dev.to/cruip_com/how-to-create-a-beautiful-particle-animation-with-html-canvas-n22)

</div>

Live Demo / Download -- In this tutorial, we will utilize the power of
HTML canvas to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design of complex
tables](https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/design-of-complex-tables-6f40c3b5fac3)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Instant colour fill with HTML Canvas –
SOS](https://shaneosullivan.wordpress.com/2023/05/23/instant-colour-fill-with-html-canvas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/shaneosullivan.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/slowfill_small.gif?fit=440%2C330&ssl=1)](https://shaneosullivan.wordpress.com/2023/05/23/instant-colour-fill-with-html-canvas)

</div>

TLDR: Demo is at , code is at . The Problem When building a website or
app using HTML Canvas, it’s often a requirement to support a flood fill.
That is, when the user chooses a colour and cli…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chris James - HTMX is the Future](https://quii.dev/HTMX_is_the_Future)

</div>

Chris James, London - Software Engineer

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 HTML Attributes that Make Things a Lot
Easier](https://dev.to/ryandsouza13/10-html-attributes-that-make-things-a-lot-easier-1gja)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fu2djea701f91iure2dbj.png)](https://dev.to/ryandsouza13/10-html-attributes-that-make-things-a-lot-easier-1gja)

</div>

With over a 100 HTML attributes available, it's almost impossible to
remember them all. While we are...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Custom Data Attributes in HTML: A Guide to
\`data-\*\`](https://dev.to/dev-harbiola/custom-data-attributes-in-html-a-guide-to-data--373)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fe3u9x6jtbyn1hhssoajh.png)](https://dev.to/dev-harbiola/custom-data-attributes-in-html-a-guide-to-data--373)

</div>

Custom Data Attributes in HTML: A Guide to data-\* When developing web
applications,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The importance of rel=canonical for content
writers](https://dev.to/nfrankel/the-importance-of-relcanonical-for-content-writers-4o8f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fpjqmtjbeht908bnkbjpj.jpg)](https://dev.to/nfrankel/the-importance-of-relcanonical-for-content-writers-4o8f)

</div>

The subject of canonical reference has been touched thousand times. But
since some content writers...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Comprehensive Guide to CSS Shorthand
Properties](https://dev.to/wvsr/a-comprehensive-guide-to-css-shorthand-properties-2083)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F3pqfnrqv9wja5b5e294i.png)](https://dev.to/wvsr/a-comprehensive-guide-to-css-shorthand-properties-2083)

</div>

CSS shorthand is a group of CSS properties that allow you to write
multiple CSS properties in a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Semantic HTML: A Guide to Using All 16 Semantic Tags with
Example](https://dev.to/sidramaqbool/mastering-semantic-html-a-guide-to-using-all-16-semantic-tags-with-example-2imh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fayz58pqsvqv67l9e6afp.png)](https://dev.to/sidramaqbool/mastering-semantic-html-a-guide-to-using-all-16-semantic-tags-with-example-2imh)

</div>

Semantic HTML refers to the use of HTML elements that convey meaning
beyond just the presentation of...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using the HTML Geolocation API to display a users location on a
map](https://dev.to/michaelburrows/using-the-html-geolocation-api-to-display-a-users-location-on-a-map-bi8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F80e8xh01cdk7vwlasfih.png)](https://dev.to/michaelburrows/using-the-html-geolocation-api-to-display-a-users-location-on-a-map-bi8)

</div>

In this tutorial we’ll be using the HTML Geolocation API to display the
current location of a user on...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Articles — Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/articles)

</div>

Smashing Magazine — front-end, UX and design for front-end engineers and
designers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Putting Gears In Motion: Animating Cars With HTML And
SVG](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/02/putting-gears-motion-animating-cars-with-html-svg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/animate-race-cars-using-html/putting-gears-motion-animating-cars-with-html-svg.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/02/putting-gears-motion-animating-cars-with-html-svg)

</div>

SVG \`\` provides a way to define how an element moves along a motion
path. In this article, Paul Scanlon shares an idea of how to use it by
animating race cars in an infinite loop as easy as one-two-three!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google's John Mueller: Move JavaScript Below The Head
Element](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/googles-john-mueller-move-javascript-below-html-head/476024)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/javascript-seo-63bd70d81f7b2-sej.png)](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/googles-john-mueller-move-javascript-below-html-head/476024)

</div>

John Mueller from Google advises placing JavaScript code underneath the
HTML element to ensure that search engines can clearly understand your
website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Ultimate Guide On Sizing, Spacing, Grids And Layout In Web And UI/UX
Des](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2022/12/guide-sizing-spacing-grids-layout-web-ui-ux-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/82e5b2e4-1ffc-4b54-8c90-eab7e13320fd/layout-grids-baselinegrids-preview-opt.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2022/12/guide-sizing-spacing-grids-layout-web-ui-ux-design)

</div>

A grid is like invisible glue that holds a design together. Even when
elements are physically separated from each other, something invisible
connects them together. Grids help designers to build better products by
tying different design elements together to achieve effective hierarchy,
alignment and consistency, with little effort. If executed properly,
your designs will appear thoughtful and organized. In this article Nick
Babich aims to give you a good understanding of grid systems, what they
are, and how they can be applied to your design process. Understanding
how to use grids will come from practical experience.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[InnerHTML vs. InnerText vs. TextContent: A Guide \| Built
In](https://builtin.com/software-engineering-perspectives/innerhtml-vs-innertext)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.builtin.com/cdn-cgi/image/f=auto,fit=cover,w=1200,h=635,q=80/https://builtin.com/sites/www.builtin.com/files/2022-09/innerhtml-vs-innertext.jpg)](https://builtin.com/software-engineering-perspectives/innerhtml-vs-innertext)

</div>

InnerHTML, innerText and textContent can each help to manipulate
JavaScript code, but they contain subtle differences. Here’s what to
know

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[UTM Parameters Best Practices & Intro \|
Rafflecopter](http://blog.rafflecopter.com/2014/04/utm-parameters-best-practices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://blog.rafflecopter.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/UTM-Parameters-Best-Practices-OG-700x340.png)](http://blog.rafflecopter.com/2014/04/utm-parameters-best-practices)

</div>

Do you know where your site traffic comes from? Which of your campaigns
drives the most traffic? Let's investigate UTM parameters best
practices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 alternatives for div tag you need to know and
use](https://dev.to/mohsenkamrani/6-alternatives-for-div-tag-you-need-to-know-and-use-4g3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqy8asru432phyynpfn4s.png)](https://dev.to/mohsenkamrani/6-alternatives-for-div-tag-you-need-to-know-and-use-4g3b)

</div>

Using more specific HTML elements instead of the tag can help improve
the readability,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ericchiang/pup: Parsing HTML at the command
line](https://github.com/ericchiang/pup)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/e5b44c82ea5fac0f3cd893f7cd7577430f9b485a31eba6d4d921287376a76c98/ericchiang/pup)](https://github.com/ericchiang/pup)

</div>

Parsing HTML at the command line.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker News](https://github.com/sibprogrammer/xq)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/a5ceba6ec37b9ab92902f76dd540faeb708de5457866e75c82ae9b7959e603d8/sibprogrammer/xq)](https://github.com/sibprogrammer/xq)

</div>

Command-line XML and HTML beautifier and content extractor -
sibprogrammer/xq

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Cool Things Boring Old HTML Can Do
?](https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/6-cool-things-boring-old-html-can-do-3160)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ftd92zcqzvtmjdrogww5n.png)](https://dev.to/ruppysuppy/6-cool-things-boring-old-html-can-do-3160)

</div>

Ever wondered does HTML always have to be boring? No way! Here are 6
cool things you can do with HTML...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Cool HTML Elements Nobody
Uses](https://tapajyoti-bose.medium.com/7-cool-html-elements-nobody-uses-436598d85668)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*PfuR2CKb35p-MdXGZkojQg.png)](https://tapajyoti-bose.medium.com/7-cool-html-elements-nobody-uses-436598d85668)

</div>

Were you left in tears while searching for cool HTML elements? Don’t
worry! This article contains 7 elements to up your Coolness…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GIFs Without the .gif: The Most Performant Image and Video Options
Right
No](https://css-tricks.com/gifs-without-the-gif-the-most-performant-image-and-video-options-right-now)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/373484)](https://css-tricks.com/gifs-without-the-gif-the-most-performant-image-and-video-options-right-now)

</div>

So you want an auto-playing looping video without sound? In popular
vernacular this is the very meaning of the word GIF. The word has stuck
around but the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Are Canonical
Tags?](https://neilpatel.com/blog/what-are-canonical-tags)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://neilpatel.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/What-Are-Canonical-Tags.jpg)](https://neilpatel.com/blog/what-are-canonical-tags)

</div>

What are canonical tags and why are they important? Read our simple
guide to learn how to apply rel=canonical to your pages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TIL: You Can Access A User's Camera with Just
HTML](https://austingil.com/html-capture-attribute)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://austingil.com/wp-content/uploads/HTML-Blog-Cover.png)](https://austingil.com/html-capture-attribute)

</div>

The HTML capture attribute is interesting because it allows you to
activate a user's camera with just HTML. This article covers it in more
depth.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Kits \| Foundation 6](https://get.foundation/building-blocks/kits.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[vs. : How To Choose The Right One — Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2022/07/article-section-elements-accessibility)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/indysigner/image/upload/v1658760043/article-section-elements-accessibility_x3326s.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2022/07/article-section-elements-accessibility)

</div>

In this article, Olushuyi explores a mental model that helps you decide
between the \`\` and \`\` elements when writing documents. You will
explore how grouping content affects accessibility and how you can make
it all count for users.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Magical Use of Uncommon Labels Fieldset and
Legend](https://dev.to/chokcoco/the-magical-use-of-uncommon-labels-fieldset-and-legend-1flf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/chokcoco/the-magical-use-of-uncommon-labels-fieldset-and-legend-1flf)

</div>

How to use Fieldset and Legend to create an amazing border effect.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Perfect CTA Placement: Above-The-Fold Vs.
Below-The-Fold](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2022/06/perfect-cta-placement-above-the-fold-vs-below-the-fold)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/assets/posts/featured/_1200x630_crop_center-center_82_none/featured_fold-scaled.jpeg?mtime=1663627723)](https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2022/06/perfect-cta-placement-above-the-fold-vs-below-the-fold)

</div>

Should You Place a CTA Above the Fold? Experts in the design and digital
marketing world have frequently claimed that if you want to get the best
results with a CTA , you need to place it above the fold. Just look at
this landing page from Lyft, for instance, you immediately see what you
need to do…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The importance of Headings element for an accessible
page](https://dev.to/zelig880/the-importance-of-headings-element-for-an-accessible-page-19ig)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fzelig880.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2022%2F06%2Fmikael-kristenson-6GjHwABuci4-unsplash-scaled.jpg)](https://dev.to/zelig880/the-importance-of-headings-element-for-an-accessible-page-19ig)

</div>

The use of correct headings within your HTML pages is vital for visually
impaired users. This article explains how to use them correctly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Write HTML Right](http://lofi.limo/blog/write-html-right)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lofi.limo/blog/sharing/write-html-right.png)](http://lofi.limo/blog/write-html-right)

</div>

Even with a lot of help from a good text editor, writing HTML can be a
drag. Nice documents end up as tag-swamps with little bits of content
perched atop hills of tabs. Editing them becomes a test of patience and
we get sick at the thought of having to look at our once-loved text. It
doesn't have to be like this! There's a lightweight, easygoing way to
write HTML that's been around since the beginning of the web.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazing Resources for Web
Developers](https://dev.to/suprabhasupi/amazing-resources-for-web-developers-ma9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fgq7t0traszgdn5bdvsgn.png)](https://dev.to/suprabhasupi/amazing-resources-for-web-developers-ma9)

</div>

Found amazing resources which will save you tons of time as a web
developer👇 1. 10015...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[html-css-google-keep-complete -
CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/html-css-google-keep-complete-i05d3?file=/index.html:6643-6872&resolutionHeight=675&resolutionWidth=320)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://codesandbox.io/api/v1/sandboxes/i05d3/screenshot.png)](https://codesandbox.io/s/html-css-google-keep-complete-i05d3?file=/index.html:6643-6872&resolutionHeight=675&resolutionWidth=320)

</div>

html-css-google-keep-complete by akhilboddu using parcel-bundler

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Smashing
Newsletter](https://mailchi.mp/smashingmagazine/339-modern-css-techniques?e=01c6bebc27)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Japanese Web Design Is So…
Different](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://randomwire.com/wp-content/uploads/rakuten-ichiba.png)](https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-different)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Responsive Images - A Reference Guide from A to
Z](https://dev.to/manu4543/responsive-images-a-reference-guide-from-a-to-z-30aa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/manu4543/responsive-images-a-reference-guide-from-a-to-z-30aa)

</div>

Chapter 1 - What is responsive images? In this guide, we will learn
everything related to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Performance Checklist 2021 (PDF, Apple Pages, MS Word) —
Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2020-pdf-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/08a226c5-5a9a-4bd2-bba7-dad7e74f69e9/adaptive-media-serving-opt.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2020-pdf-pages)

</div>

Let’s make 2021... fast! An annual front-end performance checklist, with
everything you need to know to create fast experiences on the web today,
from metrics to tooling and CSS/JavaScript techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Better Link Labels: 4Ss for Encouraging
Clicks](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/better-link-labels)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/better-link-labels.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/better-link-labels)

</div>

Specific link text sets sincere expectations and fulfills them, and is
substantial enough to stand alone while remaining succinct.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Performance Checklist 2021 (PDF, Apple Pages, MS Word) —
Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2019-pdf-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/08a226c5-5a9a-4bd2-bba7-dad7e74f69e9/adaptive-media-serving-opt.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/01/front-end-performance-checklist-2019-pdf-pages)

</div>

Let’s make 2021... fast! An annual front-end performance checklist, with
everything you need to know to create fast experiences on the web today,
from metrics to tooling and CSS/JavaScript techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-end Developer Handbook 2019 - Learn the entire JavaScript, CSS
and HTML development
practice!](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019/assets/images/FM_2019Cover_small.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2019)

</div>

A guide for front-end developers to equip themselves with latest
learning resources and development tools in front-end engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-End Developer Handbook 2018 - Learn the entire JavaScript, CSS
and HTML development
practice!](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2018)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://frontendmasters.com/guides/front-end-handbook/2018/images/open-graph-image.jpg)](https://frontendmasters.com/books/front-end-handbook/2018)

</div>

A guide for front-end developers to equip themselves with latest
learning resources and development tools in front-end engineering.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Images in HTML - Learn web development \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML)

</div>

That's all for now. We have covered images and captions in detail. In
the next article, we'll move it up a gear, looking at how to use HTML to
embed video and audio content in web pages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML5 Periodical
Table](https://websitesetup.org/html5-periodical-table)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://websitesetup.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/HTML5-Periodical-Table.jpg)](https://websitesetup.org/html5-periodical-table)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML
Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/syntax.html#syntax)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Structuring the web with HTML - Learn web development \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML)

</div>

To build websites, you should know about HTML — the fundamental
technology used to define the structure of a webpage. HTML is used to
specify whether your web content should be recognized as a paragraph,
list, heading, link, image, multimedia player, form, or one of many
other available elements or even a new element that you define.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Preload, prefetch and other tags: what they do and when to use
them](https://3perf.com/blog/link-rels)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://3perf.com/static/f43e995e8e0ce91de330d18106d67c75/cover-facebook.png)](https://3perf.com/blog/link-rels)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[🤯 HEAD - A simple guide to HTML elements](https://htmlhead.dev)

</div>

A simple guide to HTML elements

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Packery](http://packery.metafizzy.co)

</div>

Gapless, draggable grid layouts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BEM Naming Cheat Sheet by
9elements](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet/src/img/bem-cheat-sheet.png)](https://9elements.com/bem-cheat-sheet)

</div>

A visual tool that provides naming-suggestions for CSS classes using BEM
naming convention.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The HTML5 test - How well does your browser support
HTML5?](https://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://html5test.com/images/thumbnail.jpg)](https://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html)

</div>

The HTML5 test score is an indication of how well your browser supports
the upcoming HTML5 standard and related specifications. How well does
your browser support HTML5?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DOM Enlightenment - Exploring the relationship between JavaScript and
the modern HTML DOM](http://domenlightenment.com)

</div>

Exploring the relationship between JavaScript and the modern HTML DOM

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML5 Security Cheatsheet](https://html5sec.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Web Platform: Browser technologies](https://platform.html5.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1000+ Free HTML Website Templates (2024) - HTML
Templates](https://htmltemplates.co)

</div>

The ultimate showcase of the best high-quality free HTML website
templates on the internet. Free Download without registration!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Stack](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://every-layout.dev/images/card.png)](https://every-layout.dev/layouts/stack)

</div>

A composable CSS layout primitive.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Footer — Solved by Flexbox — Cleaner, hack-free
CSS](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/sticky-footer)

</div>

A showcase of problems once hard or impossible to solve with CSS alone,
now made trivially easy with Flexbox.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTTP headers for the responsible
developer](https://www.twilio.com/blog/a-http-headers-for-the-responsible-developer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.twilio.com/content/dam/twilio-com/core-assets/social/twilio-blog-default-ogimage.png)](https://www.twilio.com/blog/a-http-headers-for-the-responsible-developer)

</div>

Guide to using HTTP headers for a better web. Learn about HTTPS, HSTS,
CSP, Cacheable, immutable resources, serving WebP images, Feature-Policy
and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacking Your Webpage's Head Tags for Speed and
Profit](https://www.speedshop.co/2015/10/21/hacking-head-tags-for-speed-and-profit.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.speedshop.co/assets/img/opengraph.jpg)](https://www.speedshop.co/2015/10/21/hacking-head-tags-for-speed-and-profit.html)

</div>

One of the most important parts of any webpage's performance is the
content and organization of the head element. We'll take a deep dive on
some easy optimiz...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Semantic HTML and Why Should We
Care?](https://dev.to/ohdylan/what-is-semantic-html-and-why-should-we-care-4h59)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F4fhvrgq0tzf53ebp8hvx.jpg)](https://dev.to/ohdylan/what-is-semantic-html-and-why-should-we-care-4h59)

</div>

HTML tags tell the browser how to structure, and display the content for
the web pages. Semantic HTML...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML attribute reference - HTML: HyperText Markup Language \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes)

</div>

Elements in HTML have attributes; these are additional values that
configure the elements or adjust their behavior in various ways to meet
the criteria the users want.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Complete CSS Tags Reference - CSS
Cheatsheet](https://dev.to/snowbit/the-complete-css-tags-reference-css-cheatsheet-kh3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvupui5tg0oxdh9jm2f3n.png)](https://dev.to/snowbit/the-complete-css-tags-reference-css-cheatsheet-kh3)

</div>

If you are using CSS for frontend web development, you may be interested
in this article. The gist of...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sticky Definition
Lists](https://css-tricks.com/sticky-definition-lists)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/354777)](https://css-tricks.com/sticky-definition-lists)

</div>

I ran across this 30 seconds of code website the other day, and they
have a CSS section which is really good! The first example snippet I
looked at was this

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Data List element - HTML: HyperText Markup Language \|
MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer.mozilla.org/mdn-social-share.d893525a4fb5fb1f67a2.png)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/datalist)

</div>

The HTML element contains a set of elements that represent the
permissible or recommended options available to choose from within other
controls.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Details & Summary tags: HTML's best kept
secret](https://dev.to/ayushn21/details-summary-tags-html-s-best-kept-secret-4ak4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media2.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F0hnph6iimdm9lki3j56c.png)](https://dev.to/ayushn21/details-summary-tags-html-s-best-kept-secret-4ak4)

</div>

and tags are among of the most useful tags that HTML gives us. I'm...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Details on - Google
Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hvnPpsJo44BTPfJx28CV95vqk_dt6na1awUbk0kmZYM/edit#slide=id.g3e31444916_0_115)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using for Menus and Dialogs is an Interesting Idea \|
CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/283765)](https://css-tricks.com/using-details-for-menus-and-dialogs-is-an-interesting-idea)

</div>

Using for a menu may be an interesting idea, but perhaps not something
to actually ship in production. See "More Details on "

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My current HTML boilerplate - Manuel
Matuzović](https://www.matuzo.at/blog/html-boilerplate)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dp3mem7or/image/upload/w_1200/articles/sm_boilerplate.png?s=213)](https://www.matuzo.at/blog/html-boilerplate)

</div>

Every element I use for the basic structure of a HTML document, with
explanations why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Boilerplates](https://htmlboilerplates.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://htmlboilerplates.com/html-boilerplates.png)](https://htmlboilerplates.com)

</div>

Build and download your HTML boilerplate for free.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Online HTML To YAML Converter](https://bfotool.com/html-to-yaml)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bfotool.com/uploads/2019/12/93-html-to-yaml.gif?v=1.0.1)](https://bfotool.com/html-to-yaml)

</div>

This free online tool lets you convert a HTML file into a YAML file. No
need to download or install any software. Click to convert your file
now.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How HTML gives us tooltips for
free!](https://dev.to/jordanfinners/how-html-gives-us-tooltips-for-free-48p)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Ffzxr211tme6efyznesvw.png)](https://dev.to/jordanfinners/how-html-gives-us-tooltips-for-free-48p)

</div>

Create a tooltip, with zero dependencies, great browser support and in
less than 10 charaters to impliment!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Can I use... Support tables for HTML5, CSS3,
etc](https://caniuse.com/?search=details)

</div>

"Can I use" provides up-to-date browser support tables for support of
front-end web technologies on desktop and mobile web browsers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use the Details and Summary Elements in HTML5 \| Treehouse
Blog](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/use-details-summary-elements)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/html-lists.jpg)](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/use-details-summary-elements)

</div>

Learn how to use the details and summary elements of HTML5 to create
collapsable user interface widgets for your web applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Media Queries: Using Newer HTML & CSS Features for Responsive
Design](https://css-tricks.com/beyond-media-queries-using-newer-html-css-features-for-responsive-designs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/319906)](https://css-tricks.com/beyond-media-queries-using-newer-html-css-features-for-responsive-designs)

</div>

Beyond using media queries and modern CSS layouts, like flexbox and
grid, to create responsive websites, there are certain overlooked things
we can do well to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[htmx - high power tools for html](https://htmx.org)

</div>

htmx gives you access to AJAX, CSS Transitions, WebSockets and Server
Sent Events directly in HTML, using attributes, so you can build modern
user interfaces with the simplicity and power of hypertext htmx is small
(~14k min.gz’d), dependency-free, extendable, IE11 compatible & has
reduced code base sizes by 67% when compared with react

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using CSS to Set Text Inside a
Circle](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-to-set-text-inside-a-circle)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/305723)](https://css-tricks.com/using-css-to-set-text-inside-a-circle)

</div>

You want to set some text inside the shape of a circle with HTML and
CSS? That’s crazy talk, right?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Front-end
technologies](https://glossarytech.com/terms/front_end-technologies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://glossarytech.com/public/site/img/share.jpg)](https://glossarytech.com/terms/front_end-technologies)

</div>

The front-end is everything involved with what the user sees, including
design and some languages like HTML and CSS.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Parser: How to scrap HTML content \| Python
Central](https://www.pythoncentral.io/html-parser)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.pythoncentral.io/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/wordpress-hints-html-pexel.jpeg)](https://www.pythoncentral.io/html-parser)

</div>

A tutorial about a HTML parser for Python 3. Learn about the basic of a
library for easily parsing web pages and extracting useful information.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Browsers are pretty good at loading pages, it turns out \| Carter
Sande](https://carter.sande.duodecima.technology/javascript-page-navigation)

</div>

Client-side navigation is supposed to make your pages load faster. But
when I tried it, it was actually slower! Why?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Awesome Sass Libraries You Should Know
About](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tutorialzine.com/media/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries.png)](https://tutorialzine.com/2018/06/10-awesome-sass-libraries-you-should-know-about)

</div>

We share with you a collection of interesting Sass libraries that you
should check out.

</div>

</div>
