<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# image-generation

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing 4o Image
Generation](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/kftzwdyauwt9/7c9f18hYL29IcnVw1Gl2xN/e8f302e2cc7cd012a93c78043dfbd5b0/oai_image-generation_seo.png?w=1600&h=900&fit=fill)](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation)

</div>

At OpenAI, we have long believed image generation should be a primary
capability of our language models. That’s why we’ve built our most
advanced image generator yet into GPT‑4o. The result—image generation
that is not only beautiful, but useful.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 AI Image Generators You Can Use
Now](https://spectrum.ieee.org/ai-art-generator-2670499999?share_id=8606388&socialux=facebook&utm_campaign=RebelMouse&utm_content=IEEE+Spectrum&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwY2xjawH4rsZleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHb3Ak8UD3HKUUq66roOhnm6rkZ5jtycCHRP8x_3m7nFmiXJ24XI7iytwwA_aem_f0sfeIXb977uZKPAqLDMvQ)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.rebelmouse.io/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpbWFnZSI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXNzZXRzLnJibC5tcy81NTU2NjQwNy9vcmlnaW4uanBnIiwiZXhwaXJlc19hdCI6MTc0NjcwNTE1N30.gK9BcopEtevUQ5mOusdSmNskA73fXTyIiwh0AoBqAfg/img.jpg?width=1200&height=600)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/ai-art-generator-2670499999?share_id=8606388&socialux=facebook&utm_campaign=RebelMouse&utm_content=IEEE+Spectrum&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwY2xjawH4rsZleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHb3Ak8UD3HKUUq66roOhnm6rkZ5jtycCHRP8x_3m7nFmiXJ24XI7iytwwA_aem_f0sfeIXb977uZKPAqLDMvQ)

</div>

AI art generation has entered an era of evolution over revolution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google Whisk lets you turn any image into a plushie or
sticker](https://dataconomy.com/2024/12/17/google-whisk-lets-you-turn-any-image-into-a-plushie-or-sticker/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/Google-Whisk-lets-you-turn-any-image-into-a-plushie-or-sticker_05.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2024/12/17/google-whisk-lets-you-turn-any-image-into-a-plushie-or-sticker/)

</div>

Google has launched a new AI image generation tool called Whisk, which
allows users to create visual outputs from existing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create Your Own AI Image Generator App With JavaScript and DALL-E
3](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/create-your-own-ai-image-generator-app-with-javascript-and-dall-e-3--cms-108670t)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/30/posts/108670/preview_image/ai_cat.jpg)](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/create-your-own-ai-image-generator-app-with-javascript-and-dall-e-3--cms-108670t)

</div>

In this tutorial, we’ll build an AI image-generation app with
JavaScript. Users will enter text describing the image they want, then
behind the scenes we’ll call the DALL-E 3 API to generate it!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Basics of AI Image Generation: How to create your own AI-generated
imag](https://dev.to/up_min_sparcs/the-basics-of-ai-image-generation-how-to-create-your-own-ai-generated-image-using-stable-diffusion-on-your-local-machine-47mj)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Ft5e0hpmo3h4jxc8jkzu7.png)](https://dev.to/up_min_sparcs/the-basics-of-ai-image-generation-how-to-create-your-own-ai-generated-image-using-stable-diffusion-on-your-local-machine-47mj)

</div>

This article was co-authored by @makkukuma Introduction The
proliferation of Artificial...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenAI Unveils DALL·E 3: A Revolutionary Leap in Text-to-Image
Generation](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/20/openai-unveils-dall%C2%B7e-3-a-revolutionary-leap-in-text-to-image-generation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/Screenshot-2023-09-20-at-10.40.15-PM-1024x545.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/20/openai-unveils-dall%C2%B7e-3-a-revolutionary-leap-in-text-to-image-generation)

</div>

In a significant technological leap, OpenAI has announced the launch of
DALL·E 3, the latest iteration in their groundbreaking text-to-image
generation technology. With an unprecedented capacity to understand
nuanced and detailed descriptions, DALL·E 3 promises to revolutionize
the creative landscape by allowing users to translate their textual
ideas into astonishingly accurate images effortlessly. DALL·E 3 is
currently in research preview, offering a tantalizing glimpse into its
capabilities. However, the broader availability of this cutting-edge
technology is set for early October, when it will be accessible to
ChatGPT Plus and Enterprise customers through the API and Labs later in
the fall.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparison: DALL-E 3 vs
Midjourney](https://dataconomy.com/2023/09/22/comparison-dall-e-3-vs-midjourney)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/Comparison-DALL-E-3-vs-Midjourney-1111.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2023/09/22/comparison-dall-e-3-vs-midjourney)

</div>

DALL-E 3, the latest version of OpenAI's ground-breaking generative AI
visual art platform, was just announced with groundbreaking features,
including

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 AI Deepfake Generators for Photo and Video in
2023](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/17/10-ai-deepfake-generators-for-photo-and-video-in-2023)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/ideogram-1-2.jpeg)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/17/10-ai-deepfake-generators-for-photo-and-video-in-2023)

</div>

Video and audio recordings of people saying or doing things they never
said or did can be created using AI deepfake generators and software
tools that use artificial intelligence to make convincing fakes. A
neural network is trained using a massive collection of authentic media
featuring the target individual to accomplish this. The web is trained
to recognize individuals and imitate their appearance, speech, and
behavior. There is a wide range of potential good and bad uses for AI
deepfake generators. You can use them to make comedic videos or
instructional materials. Here are some AI deepfake generators for photos

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Midjourney pricing plans and free alternatives to
try](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/12/midjourney-pricing-and-free-alternatives)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Midjourney-pricing-plans-and-free-alternatives-to-try.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/12/midjourney-pricing-and-free-alternatives)

</div>

Navigating the maze of pricing plans for digital services can sometimes
be a daunting task. Today, we are unveiling Midjourney

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meta reveals new AI image generation model CM3leon, touting greater
efficie](https://venturebeat.com/ai/meta-reveals-new-ai-image-generation-model-cm3leon-touting-greater-efficiency)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/cfr0z3n_vector_art_of_a_synthwave_chameleon_wearing_sunglasses__36348a71-be4c-45a4-84a5-fd7ded6c8f67.png?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/ai/meta-reveals-new-ai-image-generation-model-cm3leon-touting-greater-efficiency)

</div>

Looking at the sample sets of generated images that Meta has shared in
its blog post about CM3leon, the results are impressive.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The ultimate Midjourney video generation
guide](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/17/midjourney-video-generation-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Screenshot_5_result_0.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/17/midjourney-video-generation-guide)

</div>

Midjourney now offers the ability to manifest the evolution of your
AI-generated images into a concise Midjourney video. This captivating

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Where to look for the best Midjourney
images?](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/17/generating-midjourney-images-showcase)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/midjourney-images-5.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2023/07/17/generating-midjourney-images-showcase)

</div>

Do you want to generate Midjourney images, but don't you know what to do
and what you can do exactly

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There’s a new version of Stable Diffusion, and it’s truly
amazing](https://www.fastcompany.com/90880791/best-creative-tools-generative-ai-stable-diffusion-xl?partner=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2023/04/p-1-90880791-ai-roundup.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90880791/best-creative-tools-generative-ai-stable-diffusion-xl?partner=rss)

</div>

We found the best new creative tools using generative AI, so you don't
have to. This week's big news? The new Stable Diffusion XL is now
available.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use Midjourney to generate AI images \| Digital
Trends](https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/how-to-use-midjourney-to-generate-ai-images)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitaltrends.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/Midjourney-River.jpg?resize=1200%2C630&p=1)](https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/how-to-use-midjourney-to-generate-ai-images)

</div>

AI-generated images have never been more popular, and Midjourney is one
of the best tools. Here's how to access the AI and what to know about
using it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Midjourney Quick Start
Guide](https://docs.midjourney.com/docs/quick-start)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.document360.io/3040c2b6-fead-4744-a3a9-d56d621c6c7e/Images/Documentation/Midjourney_Social_QuickStart.png)](https://docs.midjourney.com/docs/quick-start)

</div>

Learn how to use the text-to-image service, Midjourney on Discord or the
web to create custom images from simple text prompts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Company Behind Stable Diffusion Appears to Be At Risk of Going
Under](https://futurism.com/the-byte/stable-diffusion-stability-ai-risk-going-under)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wordpress-assets.futurism.com/2023/04/stable-diffusion-stability-ai-risk-going-under.jpg)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/stable-diffusion-stability-ai-risk-going-under)

</div>

Stability AI, a startup that helped develop popular open-source image
generator Stable Diffusion, is in serious trouble, Semafor reports.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands-on Generative AI with GANs using Python: Image
Generation](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-generative-ai-with-gans-using-python-image-generation-9a62e591c7c6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*h07aDSTfNQuoPk1a1WhxlQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-generative-ai-with-gans-using-python-image-generation-9a62e591c7c6)

</div>

Learn how to implement GANs with PyTorch to generate synthetic images

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Are Latent Diffusion Models? How Founders Should Think ... -
Crunchbas](https://news.crunchbase.com/ai-robotics/latent-diffusion-models-fonseka-tuesday-moongrove)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://news.crunchbase.com/wp-content/uploads/Start_Up_Watch.jpg)](https://news.crunchbase.com/ai-robotics/latent-diffusion-models-fonseka-tuesday-moongrove)

</div>

Generative AI is a hot topic in the tech startup world, and the ongoing
advancement of latent diffusion models only expands its use cases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Paper Review: A Deep Dive into
Imagen](https://towardsdatascience.com/paper-review-a-deep-dive-into-imagen-4e5b4092af13?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*Nkyo43aZ1FtnpmHv)](https://towardsdatascience.com/paper-review-a-deep-dive-into-imagen-4e5b4092af13?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A critical analysis of Google’s impressive new text-to-image generation
tool

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI Spits Out Exact Copies of Training Images, Real People, Logos,
Researche](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/m7gznn/ai-spits-out-exact-copies-of-training-images-real-people-logos-researchers-find)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.vice.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2023/02/1675280802497-your-paragraph-text-52.jpeg)](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/m7gznn/ai-spits-out-exact-copies-of-training-images-real-people-logos-researchers-find)

</div>

The regurgitation of training data exposes image diffusion models to a
number of privacy and copyright risks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI image generation tech can now create life-wrecking deepfakes with
ease](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/12/thanks-to-ai-its-probably-time-to-take-your-photos-off-the-internet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/joe_deepfake_hero.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/12/thanks-to-ai-its-probably-time-to-take-your-photos-off-the-internet)

</div>

AI tech makes it trivial to generate harmful fake photos from a few
social media pictures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Convolutional GAN — How to Use a DCGAN to Generate Images in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-convolutional-gan-how-to-use-a-dcgan-to-generate-images-in-python-b08afd4d124e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*YJvJEbmhYLJdn12r27Qerg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/deep-convolutional-gan-how-to-use-a-dcgan-to-generate-images-in-python-b08afd4d124e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An overview of DCGAN architecture with a step-by-step guide to building
it yourself

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Face to Face With Dall-E, The AI Artist That Might Change The
World](https://bigtechnology.substack.com/p/face-to-face-with-dall-e-the-ai-artist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fdccd0ee1-d890-44f2-856e-58769659356c_1024x1024.png)](https://bigtechnology.substack.com/p/face-to-face-with-dall-e-the-ai-artist)

</div>

Dall-E can illustrate just about anything using a short text prompt.
Should it?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide To Asking Robots To Design Stained Glass
Windows](https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/a-guide-to-asking-robots-to-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fc97677e3-9c88-4c6c-85b2-93fc66788b54_323x239.png)](https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/a-guide-to-asking-robots-to-design)

</div>

...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NVIDIA NeRF AI Renders Amazingly Realistic 3D Scenes From 2D Photos In
Just](https://hothardware.com/news/nvidia-nerf-ai-renders-3d-scenes-2d-photos-milliseconds)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.hothardware.com/contentimages/newsitem/58082/content/small_nvidia_nerf_thumbnail.jpg)](https://hothardware.com/news/nvidia-nerf-ai-renders-3d-scenes-2d-photos-milliseconds)

</div>

It takes a human being around 0.1 to 0.4 seconds to blink. In even less
time, an AI-based inverse rendering process developed by NVIDIA can
generate a 3D scene from 2D photos.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Genetic ‘Learning’ Algorithms for
Optimization](https://link.medium.com/DLlcQFcOjhb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*VLCGlJWrtVceZ9NqVqWTxQ.jpeg)](https://link.medium.com/DLlcQFcOjhb)

</div>

Reconstructing Images using Reinforcement Learning and Genetic
Algorithms

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[State-of-the-Art Image Generation
Models](https://arankomatsuzaki.wordpress.com/2021/03/04/state-of-the-art-image-generative-models)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://arankomatsuzaki.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/fig1.jpg?w=1200)](https://arankomatsuzaki.wordpress.com/2021/03/04/state-of-the-art-image-generative-models)

</div>

I have aggregated some of the SotA image generative models released
recently, with short summaries, visualizations and comments. The overall
development is summarized, and the future trends are spe…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Browse the State-of-the-Art in Machine Learning \| Papers With
Code](https://paperswithcode.com/task/image-generation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://production-media.paperswithcode.com/tasks/35c086bd-0541-4df9-b901-8911678e6fc4.jpeg)](https://paperswithcode.com/task/image-generation)

</div>

\*\*Image Generation\*\* (synthesis) is the task of generating new
images from an existing dataset. - \*\*Unconditional generation\*\*
refers to generating samples unconditionally from the dataset, i.e.
\$p(y)\$ - \*\*\[Conditional image
generation\](/task/conditional-image-generation)\*\* (subtask) refers to
generating samples conditionally from the dataset, based on a label,
i.e. \$p(y\|x)\$. In this section, you can find state-of-the-art
leaderboards for \*\*unconditional generation\*\*. For conditional
generation, and other types of image generations, refer to the subtasks.
( Image credit: \[StyleGAN\](https://github.com/NVlabs/stylegan) )

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nvidia’s GauGAN has been used to create 500,000
images](https://venturebeat.com/2019/07/30/nvidias-gaugan-has-been-used-to-create-500000-images)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/nvidia-gaugan.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2019/07/30/nvidias-gaugan-has-been-used-to-create-500000-images)

</div>

Nvidia's GauGAN tool has been used to create more than 500,000 images,
the company announced at the SIGGRAPH 2019 conference in Los Angeles.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learning to write programs that generate
images](https://deepmind.com/blog/learning-to-generate-images)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/E2UU4A-zCZ9b_oZyE_xQIeAZpDbjpcmw99-QVYVXs81UpJKnBzTo4O81rWapIqIfOAr39WSFMo336ekSH4_Z25BHiDamvwtQEKlSteg260fZhCwJ=w1200-h630-n-nu)](https://deepmind.com/blog/learning-to-generate-images)

</div>

Through a human’s eyes, the world is much more than just the images
reflected in our corneas. For example, when we look at a building and
admire the intricacies of its design, we can appreciate...

</div>

</div>
