<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# jekyll

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Parklife - Parklife: turn a Rack app into a static
build](https://parklife.dev/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploying a Jekyll site with
Kamal](https://greg.molnar.io/blog/deploying-a-jekyll-site-with-kamal/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://greg.molnar.io/images/og/posts/deploying-a-jekyll-site-with-kamal.png)](https://greg.molnar.io/blog/deploying-a-jekyll-site-with-kamal/)

</div>

Since Kamal 2 can host multiple sites on the same server, I am
consolidating my apps into larger hosts so I have less servers to worry
about. Most of my apps are Rails apps, but I have a few static jekyll
sites like this blog and I decided to look into how could I move this
site to a server I host other Rails apps on.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.perplexity.ai/search/I-have-a-4u4uJ147QbKox0QIGDIEIA#12>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[module Psych - Documentation for Ruby
3.4](https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/master/Psych.html#module-Psych-label-Writing+to+a+file)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use URLs and links in Jekyll - Made
Mistakes](https://mademistakes.com/mastering-jekyll/how-to-link)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mademistakes.com/images/how-to-link-illustration.png)](https://mademistakes.com/mastering-jekyll/how-to-link)

</div>

How Jekyll uses URLs and how to link posts, pages, assets, and other
resources together.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Liquid Cheat Sheet - Fabrizio
Musacchio](https://www.fabriziomusacchio.com/blog/2021-08-12-Liquid_Cheat_Sheet#special-filters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.fabriziomusacchio.com/assets/images/posts/Liquid_logo_square.jpg)](https://www.fabriziomusacchio.com/blog/2021-08-12-Liquid_Cheat_Sheet#special-filters)

</div>

This Cheat Sheet gives an overview of Liquid syntax commands one might
encounter while developing a Jekyll website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: Looking for lightweight personal blogging
platform](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=39272953)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Liquid cheatsheet \|
shortcode.dev](https://shortcode.dev/liquid-cheatsheet)

</div>

Liquid cheatsheet, Comment, Escape liquid tags, Include, Size, Array,
Dynamic collection navigation, Unless, Upcase, Current date, Capture,
Remove-first, Cap...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jekyll/jekyll-gist: :page_with_curl: Liquid tag for displaying GitHub
Gists](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-gist)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/a0f73d019573c57bfe1aedb171054925eddb31900efe8b644d081aac3ca9b0fe/jekyll/jekyll-gist)](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-gist)

</div>

:page_with_curl: Liquid tag for displaying GitHub Gists in Jekyll
sites. - jekyll/jekyll-gist

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to list your jekyll posts by tags - Joe Kampschmidt's
Code](https://www.jokecamp.com/blog/listing-jekyll-posts-by-tag)

</div>

How to list all your jekyll posts by tags using the liquid templating
syntax and markdown

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sharing Rails views with Jekyll \[Brighter Planet's Safety in
Numbers\]](https://numbers.brighterplanet.com/2010/08/09/sharing-rails-views-with-jekyll)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customising the Excerpt Separators in
Jekyll](https://cjshelton.github.io/blog/2019/05/27/customising-jekyll-excerpt-start.html)

</div>

Introduction Jekyll offers a multitude of blog related functionality
out-of-the-box, all which make creating a custom blog much easier. One
of these features is excerpts, which allow you to display a subset of
text from blog post – useful on a list page to give the reader a quick
insight into what each post is about. When creating my blog, I found
this feature useful, but it had one limitation which I needed to work
around – configuring where the excerpt should start from.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why YAML is better than JSON (read before
screaming)](https://dev.to/lenra/why-yaml-is-better-than-json-read-before-screaming-39m8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fovpe8egg6tvo41rqtp01.png)](https://dev.to/lenra/why-yaml-is-better-than-json-read-before-screaming-39m8)

</div>

You have probably seen or used the YAML format in configuration files.
YAML (a recursive acronym for...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[YAML Ain’t Markup Language (YAML™) revision
1.2.2](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[YAMLlint - The YAML Validator](http://www.yamllint.com)

</div>

Validate, Verify and Reformat your YAML documents, optimized for Ruby on
Rails

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top ten popular static site generators (SSG) in
2023](https://dev.to/ezinne_anne/top-ten-popular-static-site-generators-ssg-in-2023-11p1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fjv79im9svshagbl3i36v.png)](https://dev.to/ezinne_anne/top-ten-popular-static-site-generators-ssg-in-2023-11p1)

</div>

Static sites were previously composed of hard-coded files comprising
HTML templates, and maintaining...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Plugins \| Planet
Jekyll](https://planetjekyll.github.io/plugins)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Cheat Sheet \|
CloudCannon](https://cloudcannon.com/community/jekyll-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cc-dam.imgix.net/Home-Page-OG-r.png?w=1200&h=650)](https://cloudcannon.com/community/jekyll-cheat-sheet)

</div>

Learn everything Jekyll is capable of from an exhaustive list of
variables, tags, and filters.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll 4.3.0
Released](https://jekyllrb.com/news/2022/10/20/jekyll-4-3-0-released)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jekyllrb.com/img/jekyll-og.png)](https://jekyllrb.com/news/2022/10/20/jekyll-4-3-0-released)

</div>

Hello Jekyllers!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Variables](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/variables)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jekyllrb.com/img/jekyll-og.png)](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/variables)

</div>

Jekyll traverses your site looking for files to process. Any files with
front matter are subject to processing. For each of these files, Jekyll
makes a variety of data available via Liquid. The following is a
reference of the available data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Collections in Jekyll \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/jekyll-collections)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitalocean.com/_next/static/media/intro-to-cloud.d49bc5f7.jpeg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/jekyll-collections)

</div>

A quick overview of using collections in Jekyll to create powerful
taxonomies around your content.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Collections in
Jekyll](https://dev.to/cloudcannon/collections-in-jekyll-1e4h)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fw18iuevwd481hie97umg.png)](https://dev.to/cloudcannon/collections-in-jekyll-1e4h)

</div>

By Farrel Burns Brought to you by CloudCannon, the Git-based CMS for
Jekyll. What you’ll...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Staticman: Overview](https://staticman.net/docs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://staticman.net/assets/images/staticman-avatar.png)](https://staticman.net/docs)

</div>

I bring user-generated content to static sites

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mzrnsh › Starting a blank Jekyll site with Tailwind CSS in
2022](https://mzrn.sh/2022/04/09/starting-a-blank-jekyll-site-with-tailwind-css-in-2022)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mzrn.sh/assets/uploads/jekyll-tailwindcss.png)](https://mzrn.sh/2022/04/09/starting-a-blank-jekyll-site-with-tailwind-css-in-2022)

</div>

Most websites I build start off as a blank Jekyll site with Tailwind CSS
on top.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Liquid
Cheatsheet](https://gist.github.com/JJediny/a466eed62cee30ad45e2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/gist-og-image-54fd7dc0713e.png)](https://gist.github.com/JJediny/a466eed62cee30ad45e2)

</div>

Jekyll Liquid Cheatsheet · GitHub

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Linking a Series of Jekyll
Posts](https://engineering.chrobinson.com/how-to/linking-a-series-of-jekyll-posts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://engineering.chrobinson.com/images/chr-logotype-tagline.png)](https://engineering.chrobinson.com/how-to/linking-a-series-of-jekyll-posts)

</div>

When we (the Engineering Blog committee here at C.H. Robinson) were
working on the Mobile Apps Battery Management series, we were looking
for a way to link a group of similar posts into a multi-post series. We
wanted to show the post order, and be able to link between the parts,
both holistically, and to the previous and next posts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lazy Loading your images in Jekyll blog Improving page
speed](https://ranvir.xyz/blog/lazy-loading-your-images-in-jekyll-blog-improving-page-speed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.imgur.com/aNRVHsK.png)](https://ranvir.xyz/blog/lazy-loading-your-images-in-jekyll-blog-improving-page-speed)

</div>

Lazy loading the images of the blog and improving your page speed giving
better user experience. Defer Offscreen Images in a Jekyll blog.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Simple steps to setup Jekyll Categories and
Tags](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-categories)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.webjeda.com/assets/thumbs/jekyll-categories.png)](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-categories)

</div>

Why Jekyll Categories or Tags? Imagine you have a blog where you discuss
very different things all together. Many bloggers post their personal
experiences along with some professional posts. Curating information is
very important to make users browse through your website with ease. What
if New York Times had no categories like Politics, Business, Tech etc..?
How hard would it be to track what happened to last night’s football
game? There should be a Sports category to make readers’ life easy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forestry.io
CMS](https://forestry.io/blog/search-with-algolia-in-jekyll)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tina.io/img/tina-og.png)](https://forestry.io/blog/search-with-algolia-in-jekyll)

</div>

The Forestry.io team is now focused on building TinaCMS. If you wish to
migrate your Forestry site to Tina, follow the guide below.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Files](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/datafiles)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jekyllrb.com/img/jekyll-og.png)](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/datafiles)

</div>

In addition to the built-in variables available from Jekyll, you can
specify your own custom data that can be accessed via the Liquid
templating system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Easy Steps to Implement Jekyll
Collections!](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-collections)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.webjeda.com/assets/thumbs/jekyll-collections.png)](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-collections)

</div>

Why ‘Jekyll Collections’?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cards](http://jekyllthemes.org/themes/cards-jekyll-template)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag: A Jekyll plugin to add metadata tags for search
engines and social networks to better index and display your site's
content.](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/e9cb3719ef9889db102c79f7901b2a6fa4635c82f916d924bb4cbf23d5ddebb7/jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag)](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag)

</div>

A Jekyll plugin to add metadata tags for search engines and social
networks to better index and display your site's content. -
jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploying Jekyll to
Heroku](http://www.johnmurray.io/log/2016/08/08/Jekyll-on-Heroku.html)

</div>

So you have a static site in Jekyll that you want to deploy toHeroku.
Lucky for you, this is a relatively easy task and does notrequire
anything as complex a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll • Simple, blog-aware, static sites](https://jekyllrb.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jekyllrb.com/img/jekyll-og.png)](https://jekyllrb.com)

</div>

Transform your plain text into static websites and blogs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adding Cloudant search to your static Jekyll
blog](https://medium.com/@glynn_bird/adding-cloudant-search-to-your-static-jekyll-blog-5ad76b32a902)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*TRW3LITyjlZvKFedlir9lA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@glynn_bird/adding-cloudant-search-to-your-static-jekyll-blog-5ad76b32a902)

</div>

Making a static HTML website have dynamic search

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4: A starter kit for jekyll + bootstrap
4](https://github.com/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/d4445afbc9fb2e8d6f01271e23a929d41e8be7d4a88718cb0449ea1911c3ef52/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)](https://github.com/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)

</div>

A starter kit for jekyll + bootstrap 4.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Creating and Hosting a Personal Website on GitHub \|
Jonathan McGlone \| Librarian, Product Designer, User Researcher,
Digital Publisher, Accessibility Specialist, Music Enthusiast, Web
Noodler.](http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages)

</div>

A beginner's guide to creating a personal website and blog using Jekyll
and hosting it for free using GitHub Pages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Free Jekyll
Templates](http://cloudcannon.com/announcements/2016/12/05/free-jekyll-templates)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cc-dam.imgix.net/blog/uploads/blog-rainbow-archway.jpg?w=1200&h=630)](http://cloudcannon.com/announcements/2016/12/05/free-jekyll-templates)

</div>

A guide for Jekyll freelancers to get the most out of CloudCannon with
templates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Tags on Github Pages · Long
Qian](https://longqian.me/2017/02/09/github-jekyll-tag)

</div>

Github page does not allow customized plugins, and jekyll-tagging is not
one of the supported GEMs of Github pages. It needs some effort to add
tag support your Jekyll blog hosted by Github page. This blog shows you
how to do this step by step.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Various ways to include comments on your static
site](https://darekkay.com/blog/static-site-comments)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://darekkay.com/blog/static-site-comments/cover.png)](https://darekkay.com/blog/static-site-comments)

</div>

Overview of different techniques to implement comments using a static
site generator.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Conditional logic \| Jekyll theme for
documentation](https://idratherbewriting.com/documentation-theme-jekyll/mydoc_conditional_logic.html)

</div>

You can implement advanced conditional logic that includes if
statements, or statements, unless, and more. This conditional logic
facilitates single sourcing...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Online HTML To YAML Converter](https://bfotool.com/html-to-yaml)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bfotool.com/uploads/2019/12/93-html-to-yaml.gif?v=1.0.1)](https://bfotool.com/html-to-yaml)

</div>

This free online tool lets you convert a HTML file into a YAML file. No
need to download or install any software. Click to convert your file
now.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jekyll 3.8.3 \| Error: uninitialized constant FFI::Platform::CPU ·
Issue \#77](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/745d4f8248aba9e5f5c7e776683552e08d6f3661fc9398831cddc65b5e91f382/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)

</div>

My Environment Software Version(s) Operating System Ubuntu 19.10 jekyll
Latest github-pages No Current Behavior I was trying to run sudo apt
install jekyll jekyll new my-awesome-site cd my-awesome-...

</div>

</div>
