<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# leadgen-leadmgmt

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Convert Traffic into Leads: 10
Strategies](https://predictablerevenue.com/blog/how-to-convert-traffic-into-leads-10-strategies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://predictablerevenue.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/How-to-Convert-Traffic-into-Leads.png)](https://predictablerevenue.com/blog/how-to-convert-traffic-into-leads-10-strategies)

</div>

It’s hard to drive traffic, so converting traffic into leads requires
even more work on optimization. Learn how to do this in our guide.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Email Lead Capture Hacks to Get More
Customers](http://sixteenventures.com/email-lead-capture?hvid=1p5cFO)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sixteenventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/gordon-wintrob-stacklead.png)](http://sixteenventures.com/email-lead-capture?hvid=1p5cFO)

</div>

When it comes to email lead capture, you can just acquire email
addresses, or you can acquire real contacts that you can turn into
leads. Context is key.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An introduction to lead
generation](https://offers.hubspot.com/hs-fs/hub/53/file-230749144-pdf/offers/An-Introduction-to-Lead-Generation.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[‘Give Away Your Legos’ and Other Commandments for Scaling
Startups](http://firstround.com/review/give-away-your-legos-and-other-commandments-for-scaling-startups)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2ffrqz6prtrqqllq8mdhju_6a0115714b7dbf970c01675f67f4e0970b.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/give-away-your-legos-and-other-commandments-for-scaling-startups)

</div>

Molly Graham helped forge a work culture at Facebook that's withstood
huge amounts of growth. Today, she's something of a rapid scaling
expert. Here's the key to doing it right, she says.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Pricing Resolutions for 2019 -
OpenView](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019#.XBwRGZ-YXPE)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Pricing-trends-2019.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019#.XBwRGZ-YXPE)

</div>

Pricing is a good place to make a few critical resolutions for
businesses. Learn the 5 resolutions as you shape your pricing strategy
for 2019.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[B2B Marketing: How to auto-qualify new leads without a CRM or lead
scoring](http://www.marketingsherpa.com/article/case-study/auto-qualify-new-leads-without-lead-scoring)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://meclabs-images.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/site/cover_image/2/marketing_sherpa_logo.png)](http://www.marketingsherpa.com/article/case-study/auto-qualify-new-leads-without-lead-scoring)

</div>

B2B marketers often deliver unqualified leads, which wastes their
resources and those of the sales team. How can you generate qualified
leads without breaking the bank? A combination of content marketing and
triggered emails enabled one B2B team to generate and auto-qualify
leads. The result is a campaign that automatically delivers the
company’s best sales prospects. Find out how the team drives SEO traffic
and earned a 50% conversion rate on the landing page.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Two Key Elements of Effective Lead-Scoring -
Mattermark](https://mattermark.com/effective-lead-scoring-includes-company-data)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mattermark.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/data_prospects.jpeg)](https://mattermark.com/effective-lead-scoring-includes-company-data)

</div>

Meet Peter. He's your ideal customer. He also happens to be the CMO of
an early-stage company that just closed its first round of funding.
Poised for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Little-Known Lead Generation
Hacks](https://medium.com/the-mission/5-lesser-known-lead-generation-hacks-e2f10d9a9784)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*gxHw9bxhEY-ezPeMC26kOQ.jpeg)](https://medium.com/the-mission/5-lesser-known-lead-generation-hacks-e2f10d9a9784)

</div>

Traffic sucks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Content Scoring Can Help Generate
Revenue](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/how-content-scoring-can-help-generate-revenue.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/daniele-franchi-GbAEJUJKJ88-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/how-content-scoring-can-help-generate-revenue.html)

</div>

Content marketing has become an increasingly popular way for brands to
promote themselves. It is subtle and generates more leads than
traditional

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://trafficiscurrency.com/product-qualified-leads/](https://trafficiscurrency.com/product-qualified-leads)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 33 Most Valuable Open-Ended Sales
Questions](https://spotio.com/blog/open-ended-sales-questions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spotio.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Open-ended-sales-questions.jpg)](https://spotio.com/blog/open-ended-sales-questions)

</div>

The right questions ensure that reps are building rapport, uncovering
pain points, establishing need, and clearly articulating value.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://customerobjections.com/](https://customerobjections.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beginner's Guide to Product-Qualified
Leads](https://productled.com/product-qualified-leads)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://productled.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Product-Qualified-Leads-2.png)](https://productled.com/product-qualified-leads)

</div>

Unleash the power of Product Qualified Leads to skyrocket your SaaS
business growth. Learn to identify, nurture, and convert PQLs now with
our guide.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Identify a Product Qualified Lead
(PQL)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/how-to-identify-a-product-qualified-lead)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/product-qualified-leads-2.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/how-to-identify-a-product-qualified-lead)

</div>

More companies are switching from marketing qualified leads to track
product qualified leads. Find out what a PQL is and how to optimize for
them here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beginner’s Guide to Product Qualified Leads
(PQLs)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/beginners-guide-to-product-qualified-leads-pqls)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/PQLs.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/beginners-guide-to-product-qualified-leads-pqls)

</div>

A product qualified lead (PQL) is a lead who has experienced meaningful
value using your product through a free trial or freemium model. Learn
how to use them in your organization here.

</div>

</div>
