<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# llm-rag

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shirin Khosravi Jam on
Substack](https://substack.com/@shirinkjam/note/c-133160958?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios&utm_source=notes-share-action)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/1abc67af-38cf-4cdc-bd70-3d897e8cac30_1200x1599.jpeg)](https://substack.com/@shirinkjam/note/c-133160958?r=oc5d&utm_medium=ios&utm_source=notes-share-action)

</div>

I taught myself how to build RAG + AI Agents in production. Been running
them live for over a year now. Here are 4 steps + the only resources you
really need to do the same. … Ugly truth: most “AI Engineers” shouting
on social media haven’t built a single real production AI Agent or RAG
system. If you want to be different - actually build and ship these
systems: here’s a laser-focused roadmap from my own journey. .. 🚀 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝗿𝘁
𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗳𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗮𝗺𝗲𝗻𝘁𝗮𝗹𝘀 Because no matter how fast LLM/GenAI evolves, your ML
& software foundations keep you relevant. ✅ Hands-On ML with TensorFlow
& Keras: https://lnkd.in/dWrf5pbS ✅ ISLR: https://lnkd.in/djGPVVwJ ✅
Machine Learning for Beginners by Microsoft (free curriculum):
https://lnkd.in/d8kZA3es … 1️⃣ 𝗠𝗮𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝗟𝗟𝗠𝘀 & 𝗚𝗲𝗻𝗔𝗜 𝗦𝘆𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗺𝘀 → Learn to
build & deploy LLMs, understand system design tradeoffs, and handle real
constraints. 📚 Must-reads: ✅ Designing ML Systems – Chip Huyen:
https://lnkd.in/guN-UhXA ✅ The LLM Engineering Handbook – Iusztin &
Labonne: https://lnkd.in/gyA4vFXz ✅ Build a LLM (From Scratch) –
Raschka: https://lnkd.in/gXNa-SPb ✅ Hands-On LLMs GitHub:
https://lnkd.in/eV4qrgNW … 2️⃣ 𝗚𝗼 𝗯𝗲𝘆𝗼𝗻𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗵𝘆𝗽𝗲 𝗼𝗻 𝗔𝗜 𝗔𝗴𝗲𝗻𝘁𝘀 → Most
demos = “if user says hello, return hello.” Actual agents? Handle
memory, tools, workflows, costs. ✅ AI Agents for Beginners (GitHub):
https://lnkd.in/eik2btmq ✅ GenAI Agents – build step by step:
https://lnkd.in/dnhwk75V ✅ OpenAI’s guide to agents:
https://lnkd.in/guRfXsFK ✅ Anthropic’s Building Effective Agents:
https://lnkd.in/gRWKANS4 … 3️⃣ 𝗥𝗔𝗚 𝗶𝘀 𝗻𝗼𝘁 𝗷𝘂𝘀𝘁 𝗮 𝘃𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗼𝗿 𝗗𝗕 Real
Retrieval-Augmented Generation requires: → Chunking, hybrid BM25 +
vectors, reranking → Query routing & fallback → Evaluating retrieval
quality, not just LLM output ✅ RAG Techniques repo:
https://lnkd.in/dD4S8Cq2 ✅ Advanced RAG: https://lnkd.in/g2ZHwZ3w ✅
Cost-efficient retrieval with Postgres/OpenSearch/Qdrant ✅ Monitoring
with Langfuse / Comet … 4️⃣ 𝗚𝗲𝘁 𝘀𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗼𝗻 𝗦𝗼𝗳𝘁𝘄𝗮𝗿𝗲 & 𝗜𝗻𝗳𝗿𝗮 → FastAPI,
async Python, Pydantic → Docker, CI/CD, blue-green deploys → ETL
orchestration (Airflow, Step Functions) → Logs + metrics (CloudWatch,
Prometheus) ✅ Move to production: https://lnkd.in/dnnkrJbE ✅ Made with
ML (full ML+infra): https://lnkd.in/e-XQwXqS ✅ AWS GenAI path:
https://lnkd.in/dmhR3uPc … 5️⃣ 𝗪𝗵𝗲𝗿𝗲 𝗱𝗼 𝗜 𝗹𝗲𝗮𝗿𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺? → Stanford CS336 /
CS236 / CS229 (Google it) → MIT 6.S191, Karpathy’s Zero to Hero:
https://lnkd.in/dT7vqqQ5 → Google Kaggle GenAI sprint:
https://lnkd.in/ga5X7tVJ → NVIDIA’s end-to-end LLM stack:
https://lnkd.in/gCtDnhni → DeepLearning.AI’s short courses:
https://lnkd.in/gAYmJqS6 … 💥 𝗞𝗲𝗲𝗽 𝗶𝘁 𝗿𝗲𝗮𝗹: Don’t fall for “built in 5
min, dead in 10 min” demos. In prod, it’s about latency, cost,
maintainability, guardrails. ♻️ Let's repost to help more people on this
journey 💚

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a RAG Application Using LlamaIndex -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-a-rag-application-using-llamaindex)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/kdn-ferrer-rag-llamaindex.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-a-rag-application-using-llamaindex)

</div>

Enhance language models with real-time document retrieval and dynamic
knowledge integration using retrieval-augmented generation and
LlamaIndex.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Build a Graph RAG
App](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-build-a-graph-rag-app-b323fc33ba06?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fsYI8Riyq2lAsH8wTCuKhw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-build-a-graph-rag-app-b323fc33ba06?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using knowledge graphs and AI to retrieve, filter, and summarize medical
journal articles

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 9 Different Types of Retrieval-Augmented Generation
(RAGs)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/14/top-9-different-types-of-retrieval-augmented-generation-rags)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/P0z9zxKgRaSehlAFs0QzfQ.jpg)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/14/top-9-different-types-of-retrieval-augmented-generation-rags)

</div>

Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) is a machine learning framework
that combines the advantages of both retrieval-based and
generation-based models. The RAG framework is highly regarded for its
ability to handle large amounts of information and produce coherent,
contextually accurate responses. It leverages external data sources by
retrieving relevant documents or facts and then generating an answer or
output based on the retrieved information and the user query. This blend
of retrieval and generation leads to better-informed outputs that are
more accurate and comprehensive than models that rely solely on
generation. The evolution of RAG has led to various types and
approaches,

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a Simple RAG Application Using LlamaIndex -
MachineLearningMastery.com](https://machinelearningmastery.com/building-a-simple-rag-application-using-llamaindex)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/mlm-awan-rag-applications-llamaindex.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/building-a-simple-rag-application-using-llamaindex)

</div>

\[caption align=

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RAG: Still Relevant in the Era of Long Context
Models](https://thenewstack.io/rag-still-relevant-in-the-era-of-long-context-models)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/05/1b558d74-color-3498348_1280.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/rag-still-relevant-in-the-era-of-long-context-models)

</div>

While RAG will remain a staple of production applications, Gemini 1.5
Pro and similar models will help enterprise data science teams.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet RAGFlow: An Open-Source RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation)
Engine
Ba](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/06/meet-ragflow-an-open-source-rag-retrieval-augmented-generation-engine-based-on-deep-document-understanding)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Screenshot-2024-04-06-at-12.23.11-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/06/meet-ragflow-an-open-source-rag-retrieval-augmented-generation-engine-based-on-deep-document-understanding)

</div>

In the ever-evolving landscape of artificial intelligence, businesses
face the perpetual challenge of harnessing vast amounts of unstructured
data. Meet RAGFlow, a groundbreaking open-source AI project that
promises to revolutionize how companies extract insights and answer
complex queries with an unprecedented level of truthfulness and
accuracy. What Sets RAGFlow Apart RAGFlow is an innovative engine that
leverages Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) technology to provide a
powerful solution for information retrieval. Unlike traditional keyword
searches, RAGFlow combines large language models (LLMs) with deep
document understanding to extract relevant information from a vast
amount of data.  Intelligent template-based chunking and visualized text
chunking

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RAG Step-by-Step: Open Source
Edition](https://dev.to/spara_50/rag-step-by-step-open-source-edition-330g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fq9omp1ylnwoavj9fg1hw.jpg)](https://dev.to/spara_50/rag-step-by-step-open-source-edition-330g)

</div>

In a previous post, I demonstrated how to implement RAG using the
Load-Transform-Embed-Store...

</div>

</div>
