<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# logistics-shipping

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Declining Cardboard Box Sales Tell Us About the US
Economy](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-08-14/cardboard-box-sales-fall-in-worrying-sign-for-us-retail?accessToken=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzb3VyY2UiOiJTdWJzY3JpYmVyR2lmdGVkQXJ0aWNsZSIsImlhdCI6MTc1NTIyOTk0MSwiZXhwIjoxNzU1ODM0NzQxLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOiJUMFpBR1VHUEw0MFYwMCIsImJjb25uZWN0SWQiOiI4NDBGRjU2MjUwQTM0M0NGQkM1Q0M2RUQ3Q0I1M0Q3MCJ9.Y_vF6cGiSVstIdy8R1UM7Hz4llR_CNobeo9XqeGGwrE&leadSource=uverify%20wall)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iuzgJvRVI7iw/v1/1200x900.jpg)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2025-08-14/cardboard-box-sales-fall-in-worrying-sign-for-us-retail?accessToken=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzb3VyY2UiOiJTdWJzY3JpYmVyR2lmdGVkQXJ0aWNsZSIsImlhdCI6MTc1NTIyOTk0MSwiZXhwIjoxNzU1ODM0NzQxLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOiJUMFpBR1VHUEw0MFYwMCIsImJjb25uZWN0SWQiOiI4NDBGRjU2MjUwQTM0M0NGQkM1Q0M2RUQ3Q0I1M0Q3MCJ9.Y_vF6cGiSVstIdy8R1UM7Hz4llR_CNobeo9XqeGGwrE&leadSource=uverify%20wall)

</div>

Box demand touches nearly every industry, from flat-screen TVs to
packaged food, all of which see sales fluctuate based on how flush
shoppers feel.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/08/11/what-is-return-merchandise-authorization-rma/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/08/11/what-is-return-merchandise-authorization-rma/)

</div>

Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) is a process that allows
customers to return unsatisfactory or defective products in e-commerce
settings.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best Practices for Shipping, Storing, and Insuring
Art](https://www.artsy.net/article/best-practices-shipping-storing-insuring-art)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d7hftxdivxxvm.cloudfront.net/?height=1200&quality=80&resize_to=fill&src=https%3A%2F%2Fartsy-media-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2FGZRVUFFO0x72b9eaEJGPzA%252FCollectors%2Bguide%2Bto%2Bstorage%2BMAG.jpg&width=1200)](https://www.artsy.net/article/best-practices-shipping-storing-insuring-art)

</div>

Keep your art safe by using professional art shippers,
climate-controlled storage, and the right insurance to protect your art
collection.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ranked: North America’s Busiest Freight Trade Hubs in
2024](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/sp/ranked-north-americas-busiest-freight-trade-hubs-in-2024/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/SHAREABLE-TGC02-10-Most-Valuable-US-North-American-Trade-Hubs-20250701.jpg)](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/sp/ranked-north-americas-busiest-freight-trade-hubs-in-2024/)

</div>

See North America's busiest freight trade hubs in 2024 and rail's role
in moving over 54M containers across the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Union Pacific-Norfolk Southern combination would redraw the railroad
map -
Trains](https://www.trains.com/trn/news-reviews/news-wire/a-union-pacific-norfolk-southern-combination-would-redraw-the-railroad-map/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.trains.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/TRN_UP_NS_Lassen.jpg)](https://www.trains.com/trn/news-reviews/news-wire/a-union-pacific-norfolk-southern-combination-would-redraw-the-railroad-map/)

</div>

Combining Union Pacific and Norfolk Southern into the first
transcontinental railroad in the U.S. would create a 52,215-mile
colossus that could offer seamless service from coast to coast,
bypassing longtime interchange choke points in Chicago and at gateways
along the Mississippi River. The two railroads confirmed today that they
are in advanced merger discussions. The talks, they said, may not result

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Trade War Winner? The Booming Business of Returned
Products.](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/05/15/business/tariffs-returns-reverse-logistics.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2025/05/14/multimedia/14BIZ-SECONDHAND-01-lwjq/14BIZ-SECONDHAND-01-lwjq-facebookJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/05/15/business/tariffs-returns-reverse-logistics.html)

</div>

As retailers slow down orders for foreign goods because of tariffs,
companies that recirculate overstocked or returned items may help fill
the gap.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside Hyundai's 650-Foot Cargo Ship Docked at the World's Largest Car
Factory](https://www.thedrive.com/news/inside-hyundais-650-foot-cargo-ship-docked-at-the-worlds-largest-car-factory)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.thedrive.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/GettyImages-1241836361.jpg?quality=85)](https://www.thedrive.com/news/inside-hyundais-650-foot-cargo-ship-docked-at-the-worlds-largest-car-factory)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When This Supply-Chain Essential Goes Missing, It’s Time to Bring in
the ‘Pallet
Detectives’](https://www.wsj.com/business/when-this-supply-chain-essential-goes-missing-its-time-to-bring-in-the-pallet-detectives-607ef36d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.wsj.net/im-981862/social)](https://www.wsj.com/business/when-this-supply-chain-essential-goes-missing-its-time-to-bring-in-the-pallet-detectives-607ef36d)

</div>

Millions of the wooden pallets go missing every month, creating
headaches for suppliers and hiccups in the supply chain. Finding them
takes some serious shoe leather.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heuristics on the high seas: Mathematical optimization for cargo
ships](https://research.google/blog/heuristics-on-the-high-seas-mathematical-optimization-for-cargo-ships)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-research2023-media/images/Open_Graph.width-800.format-jpeg.jpg)](https://research.google/blog/heuristics-on-the-high-seas-mathematical-optimization-for-cargo-ships)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazon Marketplace
Fears](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/amazon-marketplace-fears)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Amazon-Marketplace-Fears.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/amazon-marketplace-fears)

</div>

Amazon's marketplace accounts for most of the revenue for thousands of
merchants. Therein lies the fear.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[South Carolina Ports Authority’s port operations pause stretches into
Tuesd](https://www.supplychaindive.com/news/south-carolina-ports-authority-server-down-terminal-shuts-operations/716659)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.supplychaindive.com/imgproxy/Zw2iNyGwBqVATosityNo21GhwJFKO8aL9ECq126-x1k/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL2RqaS0yMDIzMDkwODEwMzAyMi0wNTUzLWQtZWRpdGVkLW1wZWFjb2NrLXNjYWxlZC5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.supplychaindive.com/news/south-carolina-ports-authority-server-down-terminal-shuts-operations/716659)

</div>

The port halted activity at marine and inland terminals until Tuesday
afternoon as it worked to resolve the disruption.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The hot business of cold
storage](https://sherwood.news/business/the-hot-business-of-cold-storage?ref=thebrowser.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.robinhood.com/static_content/mwphzyq69oso/en-US/assets/files/1ZdMiRG9gdCI79l4ldzf8B_3_1ZdMiRG9gdCI79l4ldzf8B_2_getty-images-158481219.jpeg?auto=compress%2Cformat&cs=srgb)](https://sherwood.news/business/the-hot-business-of-cold-storage?ref=thebrowser.com)

</div>

Diets, demographics, desertification: what trends aren’t growing the
global cold chain?...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Twilight on the Mekong](https://www.sixthtone.com/news/1014549)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://image5.sixthtone.com/image/5/75/716.jpg)](https://www.sixthtone.com/news/1014549)

</div>

Chinese cargo shippers once dominated Southeast Asia’s rivers. Can they
find their way back?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The World’s Most Important Industry Has a New Captain—and She’s
Piloting
It](https://www.wired.com/story/shipping-industry-marina-hadjipateras)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/65aedf41c7f3687a2fe7a3c9/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Marina_Carucci_webfinals_85A0157.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/shipping-industry-marina-hadjipateras)

</div>

Meet Marina Hadjipateras: Greek shipping heiress, successful venture
capitalist, and the woman trying to transform the \$14 trillion shipping
industry.

</div>

</div>
