<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# magnets

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Magnet Manufacturing Begins in the United
States](https://spectrum.ieee.org/advanced-magnet-manufacturing-in-us)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/a-gloved-lab-worker-using-two-fingers-to-hold-up-a-small-silvery-rectangular-object.jpg?id=56224034&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C375%2C0%2C375)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/advanced-magnet-manufacturing-in-us)

</div>

MP Materials begins manufacturing rare earth magnets, including
Neodymium magnets, in the U.S. This marks a significant step for the
domestic production of permanent magnets, crucial for industries like
EVs and defense. Despite challenges, this move aims to reduce reliance
on Chinese imports.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Physicists magnetize a material with
light](https://news.mit.edu/2024/physicists-magnetize-material-using-light-1218)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://news.mit.edu/sites/default/files/images/202412/MIT-Terahertz-Mag-01-press.jpg)](https://news.mit.edu/2024/physicists-magnetize-material-using-light-1218)

</div>

MIT physicists created a long-lasting magnetic state in a material,
using only light. The results provide a new way to control and switch
antiferromagnetic materials, which are of interest for their potential
to advance information processing and memory chip technology.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Permeability to Understand Magnetic Core
Saturation](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/nonlinear-magnetization-curves-core-saturation-and-a-review-of-permeability-definitions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/nonlinear-magnetization-curves-thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/nonlinear-magnetization-curves-core-saturation-and-a-review-of-permeability-definitions)

</div>

In this article, we learn about core saturation and why it should be
avoided in most applications. We then examine how different ways of
defining permeability can help us predict the saturation flux density of
a magnetic core.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hysteresis Loss: Estimation, Modeling, and the Steinmetz
Equation](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/hysteresis-loss-estimation-modeling-and-the-steinmetz-equation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_6_30_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/hysteresis-loss-estimation-modeling-and-the-steinmetz-equation)

</div>

The hysteresis effect is one of the main sources of loss in
ferromagnetic materials. In this article, we learn to calculate the
hysteresis loss of a magnetic core and work through some example
problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Magnetic Field Energy and Hysteresis Loss in Magnetic
Cores](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-magnetic-field-energy-and-hysteresis-loss-in-magnetic-cores)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_6_26_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-magnetic-field-energy-and-hysteresis-loss-in-magnetic-cores)

</div>

In this article, we use the concept of magnetic field energy to explore
the relationship between a core's hysteresis loss and its B-H curve.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Dimensional Resonance in High-Frequency Magnetic
Cores](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-dimensional-resonance-in-high-frequency-magnetic-cores)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_6_19_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-dimensional-resonance-in-high-frequency-magnetic-cores)

</div>

In this article, we explore the effect of dimensional resonance on the
magnetic field distribution in high-frequency ferrite cores.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Diamagnetic, Paramagnetic, and Ferromagnetic Materials
Explained](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/magnetic-substances-diamagnetic-paramagnetic-and-ferromagnetic-materials)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_5_22_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/magnetic-substances-diamagnetic-paramagnetic-and-ferromagnetic-materials)

</div>

This article examines three different types of magnetic materials and
how they react to an external magnetic field.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Key Concepts of Magnetic
Materials](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/the-key-concepts-behind-magnetic-materials-magnetic-moments-magnetization-vector-susceptibility-and-permeability)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Arar_5_12_2024_Thumbnail.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/the-key-concepts-behind-magnetic-materials-magnetic-moments-magnetization-vector-susceptibility-and-permeability)

</div>

This article discusses the following basic concepts related to magnetic
materials: the magnetic dipole moment, magnetization vectors,
susceptibility, and permeability.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cow Magnets \| Stanford
Magnets](https://www.stanfordmagnets.com/cow-magnets.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.stanfordmagnets.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/Cow_Magnets-2.jpg)](https://www.stanfordmagnets.com/cow-magnets.html)

</div>

Cow magnets are very popular with farmers, ranchers, and veterinarians
since they are a well-known method of preventing hardware disease in
cattle.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Can a Magnet Ever Have Only One
Pole?](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/can-a-magnet-ever-have-only-one-pole)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.scientificamerican.com/sciam/cache/file/4ECA1039-3D1C-40F9-94F8BD665D0CFD04_source.jpg?w=1200)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/can-a-magnet-ever-have-only-one-pole)

</div>

Electron tornadoes that mimic “magnetic monopoles” emerge from specks of
rust

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The existence of a new kind of magnetism has been
confirmed](https://www.newscientist.com/article/2417255-the-existence-of-a-new-kind-of-magnetism-has-been-confirmed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.newscientist.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/14153321/SEI_191483493.jpg)](https://www.newscientist.com/article/2417255-the-existence-of-a-new-kind-of-magnetism-has-been-confirmed)

</div>

Altermagnets, theorised to exist but never before seen, have been
measured for the first time and they could help us make new types of
magnetic computers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Magnetohydrodynamic Drive – Silent Water
Propulsion](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/magnetohydrodynamic-drive-silent-water-propulsion)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2023/07/MHD-Drive.jpg)](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/index.php/magnetohydrodynamic-drive-silent-water-propulsion)

</div>

DARPA, the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, is now working
on developing a magnet-driven silent water propulsion system - the
magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) drive. The primary reason is to develop silent
military naval craft. Imagine a nuclear submarine with an MHD drive,
without moving parts, that can slice through the water silently. No
moving parts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Magnet That Made the Modern
World](https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-men-who-made-the-magnet-that-made-the-modern-world)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/a-cube-made-up-of-silver-spheres.jpg?id=30007520&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C319%2C0%2C319)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-men-who-made-the-magnet-that-made-the-modern-world)

</div>

Masato Sagawa and John Croat explain how they invented the
neodymium-iron-boron permanent magnet

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Soft Magnets Promise To Make Electric Motors 3 Times
Lighter](https://insideevs-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/insideevs.com/news/365482/soft-magnets-lighter-electric-motors/amp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.motor1.com/images/mgl/kPpEn/s1/soft-magnets-promise-to-make-3-times-lighter-electric-motors.jpg)](https://insideevs-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/insideevs.com/news/365482/soft-magnets-lighter-electric-motors/amp)

</div>

Researchers from the Carnegie Mellon University have developed soft
magnetic materials that promise to make electric motors up to four times
lighter.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Opposites Attract: A Review of Basic Magnetic Theories - Technical
Articles](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-review-of-basic-magnetic-theories)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/a_review_on_basic_magnetic_theories.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/a-review-of-basic-magnetic-theories)

</div>

Electric machineries are based on the basic principles of
electromechanical conversion, which use either the electrostatic or the
electromagnetic principle. This technical article deals with the
magnetic circuit theory for the conversion of one form of energy to
another.

</div>

</div>
