<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# malware

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I use Zip Bombs to Protect my
Server](https://idiallo.com/blog/zipbomb-protection)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.idiallo.com/images/assets/476/thumb.jpg)](https://idiallo.com/blog/zipbomb-protection)

</div>

The majority of the traffic on the web is from bots. For the most part,
these bots are used to discover new content. These are RSS Feed readers,
search engines crawling your content, or nowadays AI bo

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quishing: The hidden danger lurking in the QR
codes](https://dataconomy.com/2025/07/28/quishing-the-hidden-danger-lurking-in-the-qr-codes/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/07/28/quishing-the-hidden-danger-lurking-in-the-qr-codes/)

</div>

More than 26 million Americans have been directed to malicious sites
after scanning QR codes without verification, a practice engaged in by
73% of the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Try This One Weird Trick Russian Hackers
Hate](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2021/05/try-this-one-weird-trick-russian-hackers-hate/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://krebsonsecurity.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/%D0%BB%D1%83%D0%BD%D1%8B%D1%86%D1%88%D0%B5.png)](https://krebsonsecurity.com/2021/05/try-this-one-weird-trick-russian-hackers-hate/)

</div>

In a Twitter discussion last week on ransomware attacks, KrebsOnSecurity
noted that virtually all ransomware strains have a built-in failsafe
designed to cover the backsides of the malware purveyors: They simply
will not install on a Microsoft Windows computer that…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Rise of Slopsquatting: How AI Hallucinations Are
Fueling...](https://socket.dev/blog/slopsquatting-how-ai-hallucinations-are-fueling-a-new-class-of-supply-chain-attacks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/cgdhsj6q/production/e41299999742507d0c00b344ca3b52e3b1b67b1d-1024x1024.webp?w=1000&fit=max&auto=format)](https://socket.dev/blog/slopsquatting-how-ai-hallucinations-are-fueling-a-new-class-of-supply-chain-attacks)

</div>

Slopsquatting is a new supply chain threat where AI-assisted code
generators recommend hallucinated packages that attackers register and
weaponize.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Microsoft Presents a Comprehensive Framework for Securing Generative AI
Systems Using Lessons from Red Teaming 100 Generative AI
Products](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/01/18/microsoft-presents-a-comprehensive-framework-for-securing-generative-ai-systems-using-lessons-from-red-teaming-100-generative-ai-products/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Screenshot-2025-01-18-at-10.12.05%E2%80%AFAM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/01/18/microsoft-presents-a-comprehensive-framework-for-securing-generative-ai-systems-using-lessons-from-red-teaming-100-generative-ai-products/)

</div>

The rapid advancement and widespread adoption of generative AI systems
across various domains have increased the critical importance of AI red
teaming for evaluating technology safety and security. While AI red
teaming aims to evaluate end-to-end systems by simulating real-world
attacks, current methodologies face significant challenges in
effectiveness and implementation. The complexity of modern AI systems,
with their expanding capabilities across multiple modalities including
vision and audio, has created an unprecedented array of potential
vulnerabilities and attack vectors. Moreover, integrating agentic
systems that grant AI models higher privileges and access to external
tools has substantially increased the attack surface and

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons From Red Teaming 100 Generative AI
Products](https://simonwillison.net/2025/Jan/18/lessons-from-red-teaming/)

</div>

New paper from Microsoft describing their top eight lessons learned red
teaming (deliberately seeking security vulnerabilities in) 100 different
generative AI models and products over the past few years. …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[98 Hardware Security Failure Scenarios
(NIST)](https://semiengineering.com/98-hardware-security-failure-scenarios-nist/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://semiengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/AdobeStock_427648898-lock-scaled.jpeg)](https://semiengineering.com/98-hardware-security-failure-scenarios-nist/)

</div>

A new technical paper titled “Hardware Security Failure Scenarios:
Potential Hardware Weaknesses” was published by NIST. Abstract “Hardware
is often assumed to be robust from a security perspective. However,
chips are both created with software and contain complex encodings
(e.g., circuit designs and firmware). This leads to bugs, some of which
compromise security. This publication... » read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Anatomy of an
Attack](https://thehackernews.com/2024/08/anatomy-of-attack.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgwxwUnXF9PSm01BZvI6qAW038AG_WEeIxbN-TE1xpwyJAW1ZMEevKiPE6QbzWzG9YK-jHrd_4btRPxuxXzt5Cy3bzlk2L7y0Qb3KAg4MYGmL3S_I7M5CwFy2X60oTdUAalNm5ZseypHMDh6KaLH06NBCcx7qPIwCKSyRjI138lXFRmoyadZb2RCK319-7u/s728-rw-e365/chipset_monster_728x380.jpg)](https://thehackernews.com/2024/08/anatomy-of-attack.html)

</div>

A detailed look at an application attack and how Application Detection
and Response (ADR) stops it

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[384,000 sites pull code from sketchy code library recently bought by
Chines](https://arstechnica.com/security/2024/07/384000-sites-link-to-code-library-caught-performing-supply-chain-attack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/privacy.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/security/2024/07/384000-sites-link-to-code-library-caught-performing-supply-chain-attack)

</div>

Many website admins, it seems, have yet to get memo to remove
Polyfill\[.\]io links.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What You Get After Running an SSH Honeypot for 30
Days](https://blog.sofiane.cc/ssh_honeypot)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.imgur.com/5PZ4c8k.png)](https://blog.sofiane.cc/ssh_honeypot)

</div>

What is a honeypot?A honeypot detects and records attacks when an
attacker tries to break into a system. The honeypot we will discuss here
is an SSH honeypot. Environment12OS: Ubuntu 24.04 LTS x86_6

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Developers Can Grok From the Latest PyPI Package
Attack](https://thenewstack.io/what-developers-can-grok-from-the-latest-pypi-package-attack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/06/58873a7f-getty-images-fwuqpom__fw-unsplash-1.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/what-developers-can-grok-from-the-latest-pypi-package-attack)

</div>

A malicious PyPI package, named “pytoileur,” was found by researchers at
Sonatype after unusual behavior was noticed in the code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mystery malware destroys 600,000 routers from a single ISP during
72-hour s](https://pocket.co/share/e5a028e0-86ab-43a7-bf7a-fad807853198)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/cyber-cyber-cyber-640x462.jpeg)](https://pocket.co/share/e5a028e0-86ab-43a7-bf7a-fad807853198)

</div>

One day last October, subscribers to an ISP known as Windstream began
flooding message boards with reports their routers had suddenly stopped
working and remained unresponsive to reboots and all other attempts to
revive them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to EMP-Proof a
Building](https://spectrum.ieee.org/electromagnetic-pulse)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/a-photo-of-a-smiling-woman-with-an-image-of-the-sun-behind-her.jpg?id=52284119&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C178%2C0%2C179)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/electromagnetic-pulse)

</div>

Oak Ridge researchers mimicked electromagnetic pulses to block them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[FBI confirms it issued remote kill command to blow out Volt Typhoon's
botne](https://www.theregister.com/2024/01/31/volt_typhoon_botnet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://regmedia.co.uk/2024/01/31/lightning_shutterstock.jpg)](https://www.theregister.com/2024/01/31/volt_typhoon_botnet)

</div>

Disinfects Cisco and Netgear routers to thwart Chinese critters

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a Group of Israel-Linked Hackers Has Pushed the Limits of
Cyberwar](https://www.wired.com/story/predatory-sparrow-cyberattack-timeline)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/65b1a7b92c19e0f54bc0e90c/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/012424-security-Predatory-Sparrow-cyberattacks.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/predatory-sparrow-cyberattack-timeline)

</div>

From repeatedly crippling thousands of gas stations to setting a steel
mill on fire, Predatory Sparrow’s offensive hacking has now targeted
Iranians with some of history's most aggressive cyberattacks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Malicious PyPI Packages Using Cloudflare Tunnels to Sneak Through
Firewalls](https://thehackernews.com/2023/01/malicious-pypi-packages-using.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEioLScBPxvaWYxBOr1rsfntTQBybECKgpFxx-nGDPk_6IEFmhwQZZ76aF7moU9Hi_S2_w75CFEod-Eel2kD5OhdS_Fd1CYnfCmlWRNXkclQUd1Mf0EtKwb8KK4R-kUkZTZKFI3O3Bgb9zMEylSOk0RQh3dqwz0TbrSuzizWMfynsbG2edK8EdkKUswZ/s728-rw-e365/cf.png)](https://thehackernews.com/2023/01/malicious-pypi-packages-using.html)

</div>

Six malicious Python packages distributed via PyPI deploying info
stealers and use Cloudflare tunnels to sneak through firewalls.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Never-before-seen malware is nuking data in Russia’s courts and mayors’
off](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/12/never-before-seen-malware-is-nuking-data-in-russias-courts-and-mayors-offices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/GettyImages-1327354395-scaled.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/12/never-before-seen-malware-is-nuking-data-in-russias-courts-and-mayors-offices)

</div>

CryWiper masquerades as ransomware, but its real purpose is to
permanently destroy data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is social engineering? Definition, types, attack
techniques](https://venturebeat.com/security/what-is-social-engineering-definition-types-attack-techniques)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/img_2008.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/security/what-is-social-engineering-definition-types-attack-techniques)

</div>

The top ways bad actors use social engineering to launch cyberattacks —
and how to stop them to strengthen your organization's cybersecurity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside the Ransomware Gangs That Extort
Hospitals](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/ransomware-hunting-team-book-excerpt.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pyxis.nymag.com/v1/imgs/abb/592/6cc4871cd2da8382d42203d81f8cf272d2-ransomware.1x.rsocial.w1200.jpg)](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/ransomware-hunting-team-book-excerpt.html)

</div>

They shut down patient care and put lives at risk. Would the pandemic
finally slow them down?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Imported Bookmarks -
start.me](https://start.me/p/Bnod2j/imported-bookmarks)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New Air-Gap Attack Uses SATA Cable as an Antenna to Transfer Radio
Signals](https://thehackernews.com/2022/07/new-air-gap-attack-uses-sata-cable-as.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhyH1JEAXL7QRPBzbkV-oRGU5baLJP4zCZg95NzTNfNHci-eZuclvJxJZaLI7sWq70PcmLmRSkSu63WTIxAYuuCh2Y0aZZ0UlWo9sm4ss-JVJtf53sF1d-_WRVzSi_cOx_l1xijCTkrk2khXcfeSzHiBjIu62iXXRAvD8iNYm4Uvurnpf8FU2CMhlfn/s728-rw-e365/hacking.jpg)](https://thehackernews.com/2022/07/new-air-gap-attack-uses-sata-cable-as.html)

</div>

Researchers demonstrated a new Air-Gap attack, dubbed SATAn, in which
attackers can use SATA cable as a wireless antenna to transmit radio
signals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CSRF, XXE, and 12 Other Security Acronyms
Explained](https://dev.to/smartscanner/csrf-xxe-and-12-other-security-acronyms-explained-2ma7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqi7nbmuj8zd0k6hskco4.png)](https://dev.to/smartscanner/csrf-xxe-and-12-other-security-acronyms-explained-2ma7)

</div>

Acronyms are shortcuts, and we love using them, specially the catchy
ones! Let's decipher some...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New working speculative execution attack sends Intel and AMD
scrambling](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/07/intel-and-amd-cpus-vulnerable-to-a-new-speculative-execution-attack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/cpu.jpeg)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/07/intel-and-amd-cpus-vulnerable-to-a-new-speculative-execution-attack)

</div>

Both companies are rolling out mitigations, but they add overhead of 12
to 28 percent.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tsunami of junk traffic that broke DDoS records delivered by tiniest of
bot](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/06/tsunami-of-junk-traffic-that-broke-ddos-records-delivered-by-tiniest-of-botnets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/botnet-tsunami.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/06/tsunami-of-junk-traffic-that-broke-ddos-records-delivered-by-tiniest-of-botnets)

</div>

The DDoS arms race shows no signs of slowing down.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The attacker’s toolkit:
Ransomware-as-a-service](https://venturebeat.com/2022/06/12/the-attackers-toolkit-ransomware-as-a-service)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/GettyImages-1368733427-luckystep.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2022/06/12/the-attackers-toolkit-ransomware-as-a-service)

</div>

In recent years, threat actors have begun collaborating in a
ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS) model to infiltrate organizations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a Threat Intelligence Feed using the Twitter API and a bit of
code](https://grimminck.medium.com/building-a-threat-intelligence-feed-using-the-twitter-api-and-a-bit-of-code-5787808e32ef)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:759/1*6u3cf1kTzdCa6SHHYPmu2Q.png)](https://grimminck.medium.com/building-a-threat-intelligence-feed-using-the-twitter-api-and-a-bit-of-code-5787808e32ef)

</div>

The InfoSec community is highly active on Twitter. The platform is,
among other things, used is for sharing malware and phishing URLs…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This browser you've never heard of is now worth a billion
dollars](https://www.techradar.com/news/this-browser-youve-never-heard-of-is-now-worth-a-billion-dollars)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/SyufUSFP35BxnL9HdGAHwJ-1200-80.png)](https://www.techradar.com/news/this-browser-youve-never-heard-of-is-now-worth-a-billion-dollars)

</div>

Island is among the fastest companies to reach unicorn status

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Browser-in-the-Browser Attack Can Trick Even Savvy
Users](https://it.slashdot.org/story/22/03/21/236242/browser-in-the-browser-attack-can-trick-even-savvy-users)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 6 Ethical Hacking
Tools](https://dev.to/maximking1/top-6-ethical-hacking-tools-4i8a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fpb73jfna6xwrmjw5nik1.jpeg)](https://dev.to/maximking1/top-6-ethical-hacking-tools-4i8a)

</div>

1\. Kali Linux Kali Linux is the most used Ethical Hacking distro
available, it is provided with...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Lazarus heist: How North Korea almost pulled off a billion-dollar
hack](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-57520169)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/branded_news/CFE1/production/_118971235_bbc_tlh_arta1-nc-1.png)](https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-57520169)

</div>

In 2016 North Korean hackers planned a \$1bn raid on Bangladesh's
national bank and came within an inch of success. But how did they do
it?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Researchers Uncover 'Process Ghosting' — A New Malware Evasion
Technique](https://thehackernews.com/2021/06/researchers-uncover-process-ghosting.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjUlRyQ65rzG_N5YPP-ZncnWapcfxgi1Okl6zkIJrmcZ5jS_f7brh7oTUOtXNvPSXO7qOTeemvoWdqzL2ATnWn9p_Nak9IPqvjYXwrPg8c_xzGSW-BsZ9_bIB664Xgfm4tTsGEbPke-s0U/s728-rw-e365/banking-malware.jpg)](https://thehackernews.com/2021/06/researchers-uncover-process-ghosting.html)

</div>

A new malware evasion technique has been discovered by researchers -
'Process Ghosting'

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker lexicon: What is a supply chain
attack?](https://www.wired.com/story/hacker-lexicon-what-is-a-supply-chain-attack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/60b17a575cc021afbbe8fac9/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Supply-Chain-Hacks.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/hacker-lexicon-what-is-a-supply-chain-attack)

</div>

From NotPetya to SolarWinds, it’s a problem that’s not going away any
time soon.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There’s a Hole in Your SoC: Glitching the MediaTek
BootROM](https://research.nccgroup.com/2020/10/15/theres-a-hole-in-your-soc-glitching-the-mediatek-bootrom)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Webinjects – The Basics –
MalwareTech](https://www.malwaretech.com/2014/02/webinjects-basics.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://malwaretech.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/Bank-of-MalwareTech.png)](https://www.malwaretech.com/2014/02/webinjects-basics.html)

</div>

It’s not uncommon for malware to use a technique known as formgrabbing;
this is done by hooking browser functions responsible for encrypting and
sending data to a webpage. By intercepting data before it is encrypted
with SSL the malware can read the HTTP header and steal usernames and
passwords from post data being sent to a target website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://cybersecurity.att.com/blogs/labs-research/the-great-cannon-has-been-deployed-again>

</div>

</div>

</div>
