<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# markdown

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Examples \| Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/examples.html)

</div>

Create diagrams and visualizations using text and code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mermaid/README.md at develop ·
mermaid-js/mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/blob/develop/README.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/375917af91f95090ff80a30ff8f509abcd7caed207e0c73c92e88251971f8e65/mermaid-js/mermaid)](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/blob/develop/README.md)

</div>

Generation of diagrams like flowcharts or sequence diagrams from text in
a similar manner as markdown - mermaid-js/mermaid

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Markwhen, a Markdown Timeline Tool for
Devs](https://thenewstack.io/introduction-to-markwhen-a-markdown-timeline-tool-for-devs/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/12/a9f3d4a6-diana-light-fpbtaoqvi-k-unsplashb.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/introduction-to-markwhen-a-markdown-timeline-tool-for-devs/)

</div>

With Markwhen, a developer or service designer can peer into the
complexities of dealing with time representations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org)

</div>

Project documentation with Markdown.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Guide to Building a Professional Portfolio with Python, Markdown,
Git,](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*EKjjNXRZY7FQKGzB)](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

This article is a end-to-end guide to build a professional portfolio for
developpers and data workers based on github page.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing ‘Mark’, a Markdown CLI tool for GPT4o \| Ryan
Elston](https://relston.github.io/markdown/gpt4o/cli/2024/06/07/introducing-mark.html)

</div>

Introduction In this post, I want to introduce Mark, a simple CLI tool
that uses Markdown and its syntax to interact naturally with the
GPT4-vision/GPT4o models.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[VikParuchuri/marker: Convert PDF to markdown quickly with high
accuracy](https://github.com/VikParuchuri/marker)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/ce941ce7a6ac89c79f147775d78df26baab4113cbe7afef189b564cc11bc6d1e/VikParuchuri/marker)](https://github.com/VikParuchuri/marker)

</div>

Convert PDF to markdown quickly with high accuracy - VikParuchuri/marker

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[marker-pdf · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/marker-pdf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/marker-pdf)

</div>

Convert PDF to markdown with high speed and accuracy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Marker: A New Python-based Library that Converts PDF to Markdown
Quickly
an](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/15/marker-a-new-python-based-library-that-converts-pdf-to-markdown-quickly-and-accurately)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Screenshot-2024-05-15-at-12.11.59-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/15/marker-a-new-python-based-library-that-converts-pdf-to-markdown-quickly-and-accurately)

</div>

The need to convert PDF documents into more manageable and editable
formats like markdowns is increasingly vital, especially for those
dealing with academic and scientific materials. These PDFs often contain
complex elements such as multi-language text, tables, code blocks, and
mathematical equations. The primary challenge in converting these
documents lies in accurately maintaining the original layout,
formatting, and content, which standard text converters often need help
to handle. There are already some solutions available aimed at
extracting text from PDFs. Optical Character Recognition (OCR) tools are
commonly used to interpret and digitize the text contained within these
files. However, while

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org)

</div>

Create diagrams and visualizations using text and code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Conquering System Design Diagrams: My Shift to
Mermaid.js](https://dev.to/rusydy/conquering-system-design-diagrams-my-shift-to-mermaidjs-5bol)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fnfimztiu39s8ws6kgffr.png)](https://dev.to/rusydy/conquering-system-design-diagrams-my-shift-to-mermaidjs-5bol)

</div>

Diagrams are the cornerstone of software development, illuminating
complex systems and fostering...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic Syntax \| Markdown
Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.markdownguide.org/assets/images/markdown-guide-og.jpg)](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax)

</div>

The Markdown elements outlined in the original design document.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Markdown Tutorial Using Rails
app](https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/add-markdown-to-rails-app)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/h-fnfuXdBIY/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/add-markdown-to-rails-app)

</div>

In this markdown tutorial using rails app learn a step-by-step process
to add Markdown support to the Rails app using Redcarpet and Coderay
gems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Render mathematical expressions in Markdown · GitHub
Changelog](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-05-19-render-mathematical-expressions-in-markdown)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7219923/165633956-cfe6be6d-66ec-451a-8afd-be3546f4d0a1.png)](https://github.blog/changelog/2022-05-19-render-mathematical-expressions-in-markdown)

</div>

Render mathematical expressions in Markdown

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating diagrams - GitHub
Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/open_graph/github-logo.png)](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams)

</div>

Create diagrams to convey information through charts and graphs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Include diagrams in your Markdown files with
Mermaid](https://github.blog/2022-02-14-include-diagrams-markdown-files-mermaid)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/mvp2.png)](https://github.blog/2022-02-14-include-diagrams-markdown-files-mermaid)

</div>

Mermaid is a JavaScript based diagramming and charting tool that takes
Markdown-inspired text definitions and creates diagrams dynamically in
the browser.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Useful Resources for Learning Markdown
Syntax](http://sixrevisions.com/resources/learning-markdown-syntax)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/coding.jpg)](http://sixrevisions.com/resources/learning-markdown-syntax)

</div>

Want to learn more about Markdown? We've gathered 10 easy-to-understand
resources for you! Check out the 10 Markdown tutorials & reference
guides here!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Markdown
Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8b23915f06643be991f5f539e0e8b34f9691a1dabcf55e83aa984c2ba5ffcedb/adam-p/markdown-here)](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

</div>

Google Chrome, Firefox, and Thunderbird extension that lets you write
email in Markdown and render it before sending. - adam-p/markdown-here

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn How to Write Markdown & LaTeX in The Jupyter Notebook \| by
Khelifi
Ah](https://towardsdatascience.com/write-markdown-latex-in-the-jupyter-notebook-10985edb91fd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*0kvH-2umlC8mDLr5cMHGPA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/write-markdown-latex-in-the-jupyter-notebook-10985edb91fd)

</div>

Not only Jupyter, Google Colab, R Markdown, and much more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learnlatex.org: A place to learn LaTeX
online](https://www.learnlatex.org/en)

</div>

</div>

</div>
