<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# metrics

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A look at the ARC-AGI exam designed by French computer scientist
François Chollet to show the gulf between AI models' memorized answers
and “fluid intelligence”](http://www.techmeme.com/250407/p2#a250407p2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.imgur.com/q0p1thB.jpg)](http://www.techmeme.com/250407/p2#a250407p2)

</div>

By Matteo Wong / The Atlantic. View the full context on Techmeme.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is METEOR score? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/02/what-is-meteor-score/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/02/what-is-meteor-score/)

</div>

METEOR Score is a metric used to evaluate the quality of machine
translation based on precision, recall, word alignment, and linguistic
flexibility.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is triplet loss? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/13/what-is-triplet-loss/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/13/what-is-triplet-loss/)

</div>

Triplet loss is a machine learning function that minimizes distances
between similar data points while maximizing distances between
dissimilar ones.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Fine-tune Model Thresholds with Yellowbrick’s ROC-AUC
Visualization](https://www.statology.org/how-to-fine-tune-model-thresholds-with-yellowbricks-roc-auc-visualization/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/sta-yellowbrick-05.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-fine-tune-model-thresholds-with-yellowbricks-roc-auc-visualization/)

</div>

The key challenge lies in finding the right balance: How cautious should
our model be when making classifications?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Four Cutting-Edge Methods for Evaluating AI Agents and Enhancing LLM
Performance](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/11/28/four-cutting-edge-methods-for-evaluating-ai-agents-and-enhancing-llm-performance/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/ai-6767497_1280.jpg)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/11/28/four-cutting-edge-methods-for-evaluating-ai-agents-and-enhancing-llm-performance/)

</div>

The advent of LLMs has propelled advancements in AI for decades. One
such advanced application of LLMs is Agents, which replicate human
reasoning remarkably. An agent is a system that can perform complicated
tasks by following a reasoning process similar to humans: think
(solution to the problem), collect (context from past information),
analyze(the situations and data), and adapt (based on the style and
feedback). Agents encourage the system through dynamic and intelligent
activities, including planning, data analysis, data retrieval, and
utilizing the model's past experiences.  A typical agent has four
components: Brain: An LLM with advanced processing capabilities, such as

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Secret at the Heart of Continuous
Improvement](https://commoncog.com/the-secret-heart-of-continuous-improvement)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://commoncog.com/content/images/2024/04/secret_of_continuous_improvement.jpg)](https://commoncog.com/the-secret-heart-of-continuous-improvement)

</div>

Continuous Improvement sounds simple, even obvious. And yet there's a
profound secret at its heart that doesn't seem to get talked about.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Detecting Hallucinations in Large Language Models with Text Similarity
Metr](https://dev.to/rutamstwt/detecting-hallucinations-in-large-language-models-with-text-similarity-metrics-4lj3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fko9r8rgbfqg18kirq32y.jpeg)](https://dev.to/rutamstwt/detecting-hallucinations-in-large-language-models-with-text-similarity-metrics-4lj3)

</div>

In the world of LLMs, there is a phenomenon known as "hallucinations."
These hallucinations are...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Goodhart's law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart's_law)

</div>

Goodhart's law is an adage often stated as, "When a measure becomes a
target, it ceases to be a good measure".\[1\] It is named after British
economist Charles Goodhart, who is credited with expressing the core
idea of the adage in a 1975 article on monetary policy in the United
Kingdom:\[2\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evaluation Metrics for Recommendation Systems — An
Overview](https://towardsdatascience.com/evaluation-metrics-for-recommendation-systems-an-overview-71290690ecba)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1174/1*RsEggOaX3SBQy9wECt9vjg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/evaluation-metrics-for-recommendation-systems-an-overview-71290690ecba)

</div>

Understanding the purpose and functionality of common metrics in ML
packages

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Ways to Test Your Forecasts like A
Pro](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-ways-to-test-your-forecasts-like-a-pro-a783016c2515)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*y8WLNq7Cw7Xhi2R6RuFhOw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-ways-to-test-your-forecasts-like-a-pro-a783016c2515)

</div>

How to find the best performance estimation approach for time-series
forecasts among 12 strategies proposed in the literature. With Python…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jaccard index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaccard_index)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1f/Intersection_of_sets_A_and_B.svg/1200px-Intersection_of_sets_A_and_B.svg.png)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaccard_index)

</div>

The Jaccard index, also known as the Jaccard similarity coefficient, is
a statistic used for gauging the similarity and diversity of sample
sets. It is defined in general taking the ratio of two sizes, the
intersection size divided by the union size, also called intersection
over union (IoU).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[17 DevOps Metrics To Measure
Success](https://dev.to/semaphore/17-devops-metrics-to-measure-success-26p6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqib7vmoui7mv9ryjd53z.jpg)](https://dev.to/semaphore/17-devops-metrics-to-measure-success-26p6)

</div>

Photo by Carl Heyerdahl on Unsplash Productivity in software development
has always been tricky to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Quantization for Similarity
Search](https://towardsdatascience.com/product-quantization-for-similarity-search-2f1f67c5fddd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*p5_lEAB_bMtMgPNt)](https://towardsdatascience.com/product-quantization-for-similarity-search-2f1f67c5fddd)

</div>

How to compress and fit a humongous set of vectors in memory for
similarity search with asymmetric distance computation (ADC)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Be critical or be
corrupted](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cenizal.com/content/images/size/w1200/2022/09/cropped.png)](https://www.cenizal.com/be-critical-or-be-corrupted)

</div>

I recently rewatched "The Wire". The show's central theme is about
counter-productive metrics and their corrupting influence on
institutions. I've noticed hints of this pattern in software
engineering, too

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[16 More Startup Metrics \| Andreessen
Horowitz](http://a16z.com/2015/09/23/16-more-metrics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d1lamhf6l6yk6d.cloudfront.net/uploads/2023/09/consumer-Yoast-Facebook.jpg)](http://a16z.com/2015/09/23/16-more-metrics)

</div>

A few weeks ago, we shared some key startup metrics (16 of them, to be
exact) that help investors gauge the health of a business when investing
in it. But to repeat ourselves for a moment: Good metrics aren’t just
about raising money from VCs … they’re about running the business in a
way where...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top Two Reasons for Churn - For
Entrepreneurs](http://www.forentrepreneurs.com/top-two-reasons-for-churn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.forentrepreneurs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/marc-sendra-martorell-357239-e1513261960495.jpg)](http://www.forentrepreneurs.com/top-two-reasons-for-churn)

</div>

In working with a number of SaaS portfolio companies, I have found that
there are two causes of churn that occur more frequently than any
others. They are: Failure to successfully onboard the customer Loss of
the champion who drove the purchase Looking at these in order: Failure
to successfully onboard It’s easy to understand \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing Your Sales Stack so that Customers Come to
You](http://firstround.com/review/designing-your-sales-stack-so-that-customers-come-to-you)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fdcrqpa49sm2x1j7d3ead_1.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/designing-your-sales-stack-so-that-customers-come-to-you)

</div>

Two proven sales experts on how to build a process and team from the
ground up to consistently boost revenue month over month.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Email Marketing Metrics, Part 2: Advanced
Topics](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics.png)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/Email-Marketing-Metrics-Part-2-Advanced-Topics)

</div>

In "Email Marketing Metrics, Part 1: The Basics," my article last month,
I addressed the primary measurements for email marketing: delivery rate,
open

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[16 Startup Metrics \| Andreessen
Horowitz](http://a16z.com/2015/08/21/16-metrics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d1lamhf6l6yk6d.cloudfront.net/uploads/2015/08/16_Metrics.jpg)](http://a16z.com/2015/08/21/16-metrics)

</div>

We have the privilege of meeting with thousands of entrepreneurs every
year, and in the course of those discussions are presented with all
kinds of numbers, measures, and metrics that illustrate the promise and
health of a particular company. Sometimes, however, the metrics may not
be the best gauge of what’s actually happening in the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Buy Till You Die: Understanding Customer Lifetime
Value](https://towardsdatascience.com/buy-till-you-die-understanding-customer-lifetime-value-eb2c0a23b85)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*-RFL4MlVM9P1bWaMLB9gLA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/buy-till-you-die-understanding-customer-lifetime-value-eb2c0a23b85)

</div>

The BG/NBD model explained.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Startup Metrics, a love story. All slides of an 6h Lean Analytics
workshop.](https://www.slideshare.net/andreasklinger/startup-metrics-a-love-story)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.slidesharecdn.com/ss_thumbnails/20130812-icatapult-130812090501-phpapp02-thumbnail.jpg?width=640&height=640&fit=bounds)](https://www.slideshare.net/andreasklinger/startup-metrics-a-love-story)

</div>

Startup Metrics, a love story. All slides of an 6h Lean Analytics
workshop. - Download as a PDF or view online for free

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Three Performance Evaluation Metrics of Clustering When Ground Truth
Labels](https://towardsdatascience.com/three-performance-evaluation-metrics-of-clustering-when-ground-truth-labels-are-not-available-ee08cb3ff4fb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*zCZ8k6ts7VZnwz_f)](https://towardsdatascience.com/three-performance-evaluation-metrics-of-clustering-when-ground-truth-labels-are-not-available-ee08cb3ff4fb)

</div>

Which metric should be used to evaluate the clustering results if the
ground truth labels are not available? In this post, I’m introducing…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Precision, Recall, and F1 Score of Multiclass Classification — Learn in
Dep](https://towardsdatascience.com/precision-recall-and-f1-score-of-multiclass-classification-learn-in-depth-6c194b217629?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*VmHNE3Xc8K6Lv9x1)](https://towardsdatascience.com/precision-recall-and-f1-score-of-multiclass-classification-learn-in-depth-6c194b217629?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Manual Calculation From a Confusion Matrix and the Syntax of sklearn
Library

</div>

</div>
