<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# netlify

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Era Of Platform Primitives Is Finally
Here](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/netlify-platform-primitives)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.smashing.media/articles/netlify-platform-primitives/netlify-platform-primitives.jpg)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2024/05/netlify-platform-primitives)

</div>

Application frameworks have built whole ecosystems on top of them. Let’s
take a closer look at serverless platforms such as Netlify’s \[Platform
Primitives\](https://www.netlify.com/platform/primitives) and explore
how they can increase our productivity with a serverless fullstack
experience.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Team overview \| bjpcjp \|
Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/teams/bjpcjp/overview)

</div>

Start building the best web experiences in record time

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sales-ops-planning.com \|
Netlify](https://app.netlify.com/teams/bjpcjp/dns/sales-ops-planning.com)

</div>

Start building the best web experiences in record time

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deploy Angular App to Netlify directly from Angular
CLI](https://www.reddit.com/r/angularjs/comments/cwo2ia/deploy_angular_app_to_netlify_directly_from)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/cwo2ia)](https://www.reddit.com/r/angularjs/comments/cwo2ia/deploy_angular_app_to_netlify_directly_from)

</div>

55K subscribers in the angularjs community. A community for the awesome
MVC JS framework.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build configuration
overview](https://www.netlify.com/docs/continuous-deployment)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.netlify.com/og-image.png)](https://www.netlify.com/docs/continuous-deployment)

</div>

Configure build settings for a repository that uses continuous
deployment, and understand build image options for your site.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Deploy a Full-Stack MERN App with
Heroku/Netlify](https://dev.to/stlnick/how-to-deploy-a-full-stack-mern-app-with-heroku-netlify-ncb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fjy1eavpf2fm467w8uopz.jpeg)](https://dev.to/stlnick/how-to-deploy-a-full-stack-mern-app-with-heroku-netlify-ncb)

</div>

This post is intended to be a guide for those that want to deploy a
full-stack MERN app. It will be v...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.netlify.com/og-image.png)](https://docs.netlify.com)

</div>

Learn how to build fast and reliable web experiences with our
enterprise-ready composable platform.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Build A Blog With Gatsby and
Netlify](https://www.codespot.org/how-to-build-a-blog-with-gatsby-and-netlify)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.codespot.org/assets/gatsby-cover.jpg)](https://www.codespot.org/how-to-build-a-blog-with-gatsby-and-netlify)

</div>

The \#1 Blog For Software & Web Developers. Free Tutorials, Tips, Tricks
and Learning Resources.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A-Z Guide To Create And Deploy A Website With GatsbyJS GitHub
Netlify](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-z-guide-to-create-and-deploy-a-website-with-gatsbyjs-github-netlify-fd8339650fc7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*y9N4ORZmQ0OMxVgv)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-z-guide-to-create-and-deploy-a-website-with-gatsbyjs-github-netlify-fd8339650fc7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Complete guide to build and deploy a blazingly fast and modern website
for free (with custom domain).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I moved my sites from Google Kubernetes Engine to Netlify and saved
\$1000
/](https://labs.iamhamy.xyz/posts/i-moved-to-netlify-from-gke-and-saved-60-per-month)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Netlify: All-in-one platform for automating modern web
projects.](https://www.netlify.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/o0o2tn5x/marketing/19d95d00d7f79b8b4340dc6ca183ac5456f1a095-1200x630.png)](https://www.netlify.com)

</div>

Realize the speed, agility and performance of a scalable, composable web
architecture with Netlify. Explore the composable web platform now!

</div>

</div>
