<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# okrs

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Art of the OKR](http://eleganthack.com/the-art-of-the-okr)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/monprint.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/the-art-of-the-okr)

</div>

Read the updated post, Art of the OKR Redux instead! A lot has changed
since 2014….    Original “Art of the OKR” below, for archival purposes:
I wrote a book on…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is an OKR? Objectives, key results and how to use
them](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/what-is-an-okr-here-are-the-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jeffgothelf.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/okr_workshop_banner-thinkific.jpg)](https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/what-is-an-okr-here-are-the-basics)

</div>

Understanding what an Objective and Key Result is, why it's different
from traditional goal setting, and what impact a good OKR will can have
is vital.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using OKRs to Increase Organizational
Learning](http://eleganthack.com/using-okrs-to-increase-organizational-learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/teamlettes.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/using-okrs-to-increase-organizational-learning)

</div>

This is a draft chapter from the second edition of Radical Focus. It’s
coming… eventually. Hopefully soonish. Leave your wishlist for other
topics you’d like it to cover, and enjoy the sneak peek! …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Team Objectives – Overview \| Silicon Valley Product
Group](https://svpg.com/team-objectives-overview)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.svpg.com/wp-content/themes/svpg2022/app/img/svpg-social.jpg)](https://svpg.com/team-objectives-overview)

</div>

After many years of being a very vocal advocate for the OKR (Objectives
and Key Results) technique, in the majority of companies I meet, I have
stopped recommending the practice. That’s because, in so many companies,
even though conceptually the technique is simple and sound, it ends up
proving a waste of time and effort,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Use OKRs to Set Goals for Teams, Not
Individuals](https://hbr.org/2020/12/use-okrs-to-set-goals-for-teams-not-individuals)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2020/12/Dec20_17_-1165490839.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2020/12/use-okrs-to-set-goals-for-teams-not-individuals)

</div>

A popular goal-setting framework, Objectives and key results (or OKRs)
are an effective method for planning and measuring success on a team
level. They fall short, however, when companies attempt to apply them to
individual contributors. Setting individual OKRs generally leads to
goals that are either not true indications of meaningful progress or
that are easily gameable. Instead, individual contributors should be
assessed based on the extent to which their work contributes to team
goals that add real value to the company and its customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OKRs – The Ultimate Guide to Goal Setting in 2020 -
noupe](https://www.noupe.com/design/okrs-the-ultimate-guide-to-goal-setting-in-2020.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/goal-setting.jpeg)](https://www.noupe.com/design/okrs-the-ultimate-guide-to-goal-setting-in-2020.html)

</div>

The acronym OKR stands for Objectives and Key Results. Much has been
written on the topic over the years yet they still remain a mystery for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How One Hospital Improved Patient Safety in 10 Minutes a
Day](https://hbr.org/2018/10/how-one-hospital-improved-patient-safety-in-10-minutes-a-day)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/10/oct18_30_114723652-1.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/10/how-one-hospital-improved-patient-safety-in-10-minutes-a-day)

</div>

Clinical and nonclinical staff at the Rotterdam Eye Hospital have
improved patient care and raised staff morale at a very modest cost: 10
minutes a day and a special deck of cards. At the start of every shift,
the team members get together for a brief “team-start.” Each team member
rates his or her own mood as green (I’m good), orange (I’m okay but I
have a few things I’m concerned about) or red (I’m under stress). The
rest of the team doesn’t need to know that you’re under stress because
you’re having a dispute with your landlord or you are worried about your
ill toddler. How you feel, however, is important because it affects how
you should be treated. Next, the team leader asks if there is anything
in particular the team needs to know to work more effectively together
that shift: For example, “Is there a delay in public transport so we can
expect patients to be late for their appointments?,” or “Is there a
patient with some kind of special need coming in?” Sharing the answers
or results generated by the card questions and activities with the group
ensures that the insights stick.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Dreaded Weekly Status
Email](http://eleganthack.com/the-dreaded-weekly-status-email)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/email.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/the-dreaded-weekly-status-email)

</div>

I remember the first time I had to write one of these puppies. I had
just been promoted to manager at Yahoo back in 2000, and was running a
small team. I was told to “write a status email covering …

</div>

</div>
