<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# openai

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GPT-4.1 Prompting Guide \| OpenAI
Cookbook](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt4-1_prompting_guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cookbook-1nc2zikxl-openai.vercel.app/og?title=GPT%204.1%20Prompting%20Guide&tags=api,responses)](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt4-1_prompting_guide)

</div>

Open-source examples and guides for building with the OpenAI API. Browse
a collection of snippets, advanced techniques and walkthroughs. Share
your own examples and guides.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to respect OpenAI's rate limits in
Rails](https://feed.thoughtbot.com/link/24077/17002600/openai-rate-limits)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&blend-mode=normal&blend-x=0&blend-y=0&blend=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.prismic.io%2Fthoughtbot-website%2FZ1tQFJbqstJ98cGP_default.png&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0tMTUmdHh0LXRyYWNrPTAmdHh0NjQ9U0c5M0lIUnZJSEpsYzNCbFkzUWdUM0JsYmtGSkozTWdjbUYwWlNCc2FXMXBkSE1nYVc0Z1VtRnBiSE0lM0QmdHh0Y2xyPWY1ZjVmNSZ0eHRmb250PUlCTVBsZXhTYW5zSlAtU2VtaUJvbGQmdHh0cGFkPTAmdHh0c2l6ZT03NiZ3PTgwMA%3D%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Steve+Polito)](https://feed.thoughtbot.com/link/24077/17002600/openai-rate-limits)

</div>

As it turns out, OpenAI’s rate limits are a little more complicated than
other APIs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DeepSeek-R1 vs. OpenAI’s o1: A New Step in Open Source and Proprietary
Models](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/01/25/deepseek-r1-vs-openais-o1-a-new-step-in-open-source-and-proprietary-models/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Screenshot-2025-01-25-at-6.05.44%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/01/25/deepseek-r1-vs-openais-o1-a-new-step-in-open-source-and-proprietary-models/)

</div>

AI has entered an era of the rise of competitive and groundbreaking
large language models and multimodal models. The development has two
sides, one with open source and the other being propriety models.
DeepSeek-R1, an open-source AI model developed by DeepSeek-AI, a Chinese
research company, exemplifies this trend. Its emergence has challenged
the dominance of proprietary models such as OpenAI’s o1, sparking
discussions on cost efficiency, open-source innovation, and global
technological leadership in AI. Let’s delve into the development,
capabilities, and implications of DeepSeek-R1 while comparing it with
OpenAI’s o1 system, considering the contributions of both spaces.
DeepSeek-R1 DeepSeek-R1 is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[LangChain vs OpenAI API: When Simplicity Meets Scalability \| Aditya
Bhattacharya \| Blogs
Website](https://blogs.adityabh.is-a.dev/posts/langchain-vs-openai-simplicity-vs-scalability/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogs.adityabh.is-a.dev/posts/langchain-vs-openai-api-when-simplicity-meets-scalability.png)](https://blogs.adityabh.is-a.dev/posts/langchain-vs-openai-simplicity-vs-scalability/)

</div>

This blog explores a detailed comparison between the OpenAI API and
LangChain, highlighting key differences in performance and developer
experience and the low level code for why these differences exist.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SearchGPT: What you need to know about OpenAI’s search
engine](https://searchengineland.com/searchgpt-what-you-need-to-know-446455)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/09/SearchGPT-What-marketers-need-to-know-about-the-future-of-conversational-search.png)](https://searchengineland.com/searchgpt-what-you-need-to-know-446455)

</div>

Unpack the key features and marketing insights of SearchGPT, OpenAI’s
innovative search tool and its potential to rival Google’s dominance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to prompt on
GPT-o1](https://venturebeat.com/ai/how-to-prompt-on-gpt-o1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/DALL%C2%B7E-2024-09-12-17.04.17-A-detailed-image-of-a-robotic-version-of-The-Thinker-sculpture-sitting-in-the-classic-pose-with-one-hand-resting-on-its-chin-and-deep-in-thought.-T-Large.jpeg)](https://venturebeat.com/ai/how-to-prompt-on-gpt-o1)

</div>

OpenAI's new reasoning model o1 behaves differently than previous
models. So users have to prompt it differently than GPT-4 or even 4o.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exclusive: OpenAI working on new reasoning technology under code name
‘Strawberry’](https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/openai-working-new-reasoning-technology-under-code-name-strawberry-2024-07-12)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.reuters.com/resizer/v2/Q2V6GTQXBVNPVHWAYZV4OJBQB4.jpg?auth=f9fce804ac810bdcca3d8f87611f1c2603f4b68fb79b1242796736c2f71a08a8&height=1005&width=1920&quality=80&smart=true)](https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/openai-working-new-reasoning-technology-under-code-name-strawberry-2024-07-12)

</div>

ChatGPT maker OpenAI is working on a novel approach to its artificial
intelligence models in a project code-named “Strawberry,” according to a
person familiar with the matter and internal documentation reviewed by
Reuters.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Summarize Large Documents with LangChain and
OpenAI](https://thenewstack.io/how-to-summarize-large-documents-with-langchain-and-openai)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/04/194e19a1-alley.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/how-to-summarize-large-documents-with-langchain-and-openai)

</div>

There are still some limitations when summarizing very large documents.
Here are some ways to mitigate these effects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenAI’s ChatGPT-powered search engine to be introduced next
week](https://dataconomy.com/2024/05/10/openais-search-competitor-could-be-here-on-monday)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/ChatGPT-search-engine_03.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2024/05/10/openais-search-competitor-could-be-here-on-monday)

</div>

The search engine war is heating up. ChatGPT may introduce its search
engine, which will rival Google, on Monday. Although

</div>

</div>
