<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# optimization

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[QOpt / QOBLIB - Quantum Optimization Benchmarking Library ·
GitLab](https://git.zib.de/qopt/qoblib-quantum-optimization-benchmarking-library)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://git.zib.de/assets/twitter_card-570ddb06edf56a2312253c5872489847a0f385112ddbcd71ccfa1570febab5d2.jpg)](https://git.zib.de/qopt/qoblib-quantum-optimization-benchmarking-library)

</div>

This is the ZIB GitLab instance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optimization-Algorithms-Book/Code-Listings](https://github.com/Optimization-Algorithms-Book/Code-Listings)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/c7973b297e5ddfc601148c00b1e02a5e9535b18a1200e0380352bdbfa9c4fdc8/Optimization-Algorithms-Book/Code-Listings)](https://github.com/Optimization-Algorithms-Book/Code-Listings)

</div>

Code Listings for the book: Optimization Algorithms. Manning
Publications, 2024. - Optimization-Algorithms-Book/Code-Listings

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is convex optimization? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/04/what-is-convex-optimization/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/04/04/what-is-convex-optimization/)

</div>

Convex optimization is a specialized area of optimization focusing on
problems where the objective function is convex and exhibits a unique
global minimum.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ATDCO topology diffcalc optimization
book](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~jean/math-deep.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NVIDIA Open-Sources cuOpt: An AI-Powered Decision Optimization
Engine–Unlocking Real-Time Optimization at an Unprecedented
Scale](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/03/18/nvidia-open-sources-cuopt-an-ai-powered-decision-optimization-engine-unlocking-real-time-optimization-at-an-unprecedented-scale/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/a-vibrant-digital-representation-of-a-ge_JY7u_TMyRjuNiRSp2MU_sg_wtaR1bIMTLWaPlVzP8V5GQ.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/03/18/nvidia-open-sources-cuopt-an-ai-powered-decision-optimization-engine-unlocking-real-time-optimization-at-an-unprecedented-scale/)

</div>

NVIDIA Open-Sources cuOpt: An AI-Powered Decision Optimization
Engine--Unlocking Real-Time Optimization at an Unprecedented Scale

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NVIDIA Open-Sources cuOpt for Decision Optimization \| NVIDIA
Blog](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/cuopt-open-source/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/cuOpt-Image.jpg)](https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/cuopt-open-source/)

</div>

Industry leaders advance complex decision-making and supply chain
optimization with NVIDIA accelerated computing and cuOpt software.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heuristics on the high seas: Mathematical optimization for cargo
ships](https://research.google/blog/heuristics-on-the-high-seas-mathematical-optimization-for-cargo-ships)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-research2023-media/images/Open_Graph.width-800.format-jpeg.jpg)](https://research.google/blog/heuristics-on-the-high-seas-mathematical-optimization-for-cargo-ships)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Math behind Adam Optimizer \| by Cristian Leo \| in Towards Data
Science](https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/the-math-behind-adam-optimizer-c41407efe59b)

</div>

Why is Adam the most popular optimizer in Deep Learning? Let's
understand it by diving into...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) from scratch. Simplest explanation in
pyt](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-the-hell-is-particle-swarm-optimization-pso-simplest-explanation-in-python-be296fc3b1ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ufjlAeNxGSWpPj8S)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-the-hell-is-particle-swarm-optimization-pso-simplest-explanation-in-python-be296fc3b1ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to implement PSO

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet Optuna: An Automatic Hyperparameter Optimization Software
Framework
De](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/02/24/meet-optuna-an-automatic-hyperparameter-optimization-software-framework-designed-for-machine-learning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Screenshot-2024-02-24-at-12.42.32-PM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/02/24/meet-optuna-an-automatic-hyperparameter-optimization-software-framework-designed-for-machine-learning)

</div>

In machine learning, finding the perfect settings for a model to work at
its best can be like looking for a needle in a haystack. This process,
known as hyperparameter optimization, involves tweaking the settings
that govern how the model learns. It's crucial because the right
combination can significantly improve a model's accuracy and efficiency.
However, this process can be time-consuming and complex, requiring
extensive trial and error. Traditionally, researchers and developers
have resorted to manual tuning or using grid search and random search
methods to find the best hyperparameters. These methods do work to some
extent but could be

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stop Overusing Scikit-Learn and Try OR-Tools
Instead](https://towardsdatascience.com/stop-overusing-scikit-learn-and-try-or-tools-instead-796d18fc6d85?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*-CiYLlwsKas481Bh)](https://towardsdatascience.com/stop-overusing-scikit-learn-and-try-or-tools-instead-796d18fc6d85?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Many Data Scientists overuse ML and neglect Mathematical Optimisation,
even though it’s great for your career and easy to learn

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Demand Forecasting and Inventory Optimization using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/08/28/demand-forecasting-and-inventory-optimization-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Demand-Forecasting-and-Inventory-Optimization-.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/08/28/demand-forecasting-and-inventory-optimization-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Demand Forecasting
and Inventory Optimization using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Beginner’s Guide to Linear Programming and the Simplex
Algorithm](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-beginners-guide-to-linear-programming-and-the-simplex-algorithm-87db017e92b4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*B0nO7roTWdKQIjTKCARSbw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-beginners-guide-to-linear-programming-and-the-simplex-algorithm-87db017e92b4)

</div>

Tackling a wide range of optimization problems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Supply Chain Process Optimization using Linear
Programming](https://towardsdatascience.com/supply-chain-process-optimization-using-linear-programming-b1511800630f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*EPAkQ26X1sw75TUkp2SH1g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/supply-chain-process-optimization-using-linear-programming-b1511800630f)

</div>

Understand how linear programming can be the most powerful tool for a
supply chain continuous improvement engineer

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What are some top strategies for conversion
optimization?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-top-strategies-for-conversion-optimization/answer/Andy-Johns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://qph.cf2.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-467e07f366911bc95e191873b6ef3c14)](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-top-strategies-for-conversion-optimization/answer/Andy-Johns)

</div>

Answer has been deleted

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complete Step-by-step Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm from
Scratch](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-step-by-step-particle-swarm-optimization-algorithm-from-scratch-74471d064f91)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*mtLbYfQb_kSazSEQ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-step-by-step-particle-swarm-optimization-algorithm-from-scratch-74471d064f91)

</div>

And its implementation for solving a nonlinear control theory problem

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Kaggle Way to Tune Hyperparameters with
Optuna](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-kaggle-way-to-tune-hyperparameters-with-optuna-285e59a0b95a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*AI-YmX3qqycS1Weo)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-kaggle-way-to-tune-hyperparameters-with-optuna-285e59a0b95a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Easily and efficiently optimize your model’s hyperparameters with Optuna
with a mini project

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://ruder.io/optimizing-gradient-descent/](https://ruder.io/optimizing-gradient-descent)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BFGS in a Nutshell: An Introduction to Quasi-Newton
Methods](https://link.medium.com/YRk2Scxqseb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*QdcaMRVvRVkjDMGAhZW4Ug.jpeg)](https://link.medium.com/YRk2Scxqseb)

</div>

Demystifying the inner workings of BFGS optimization

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gradient-Free-Optimizers A collection of modern optimization methods in
Pyt](https://github.com/SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/252927263/9aa25580-5122-11eb-9d2e-f8879d82b1d5)](https://github.com/SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers)

</div>

Simple and reliable optimization with local, global, population-based
and sequential techniques in numerical discrete search spaces. -
SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Stochastic Gradient Descent Optimisation Algorithms Cheat Sheet \|
by
R](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-gradient-descent-optimisation-algorithms-86989510b5e9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*GG4hzBs60_5QHZjvTS316Q.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-gradient-descent-optimisation-algorithms-86989510b5e9)

</div>

Stochastic gradient descent optimisation algorithms you should know for
deep learning

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BFGS in a Nutshell: An Introduction to Quasi-Newton
Methods](https://towardsdatascience.com/bfgs-in-a-nutshell-an-introduction-to-quasi-newton-methods-21b0e13ee504?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*QdcaMRVvRVkjDMGAhZW4Ug.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/bfgs-in-a-nutshell-an-introduction-to-quasi-newton-methods-21b0e13ee504?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Demystifying the inner workings of BFGS optimization

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Eecs227at](http://fa.bianp.net/teaching/2018/eecs227at)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Swarm Optimization: Goodbye Gradients -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/swarm-optimization-goodbye-gradients)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/1-26.gif)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/swarm-optimization-goodbye-gradients)

</div>

Fish schools, bird flocks, and bee swarms. These combinations of
real-time biological systems can blend knowledge, exploration, and
exploitation to unify intelligence and solve problems more efficiently.
There’s no centralized control. These simple agents interact locally,
within their environment, and new behaviors emerge from the group as a
whole. In the world of evolutionary alogirthms… Read More »Swarm
Optimization: Goodbye Gradients

</div>

</div>
