<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# packages

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Flatpak](https://linuxhandbook.com/flatpak/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2025/08/every-linux-user-flatpak.webp)](https://linuxhandbook.com/flatpak/)

</div>

The universal packaging system from Fedora is popular among developers
and desktop Linux users.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pyx: a Python-native package registry, now in
Beta](https://astral.sh/blog/introducing-pyx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://astral.sh/static/OpenGraph/pyx.png)](https://astral.sh/blog/introducing-pyx)

</div>

pyx is a Python-native package registry from the creators of uv.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[uv: An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in
Rust \| Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=44357411)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Flatpak Apps Use So Much Disk Space On
Linux](https://ostechnix.com/why-flatpak-apps-use-so-much-disk-space/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ostechnix.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Why-Flatpak-Apps-Use-So-Much-Disk-Space.png)](https://ostechnix.com/why-flatpak-apps-use-so-much-disk-space/)

</div>

This tutorial explains why Flatpak apps use so much disk space and are
larger in size compared to traditional packages in Linux.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Packaging a Python App to Executable .deb
Binary](https://linuxhandbook.com/package-python-app-deb/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2025/03/packaging-a-python-app-deb-archive.webp)](https://linuxhandbook.com/package-python-app-deb/)

</div>

I am sharing how I packaged my python application into an executable
.deb package in this tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The magic of dependency
resolution](https://ochagavia.nl/blog/the-magic-of-dependency-resolution)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ochagavia.nl/images/headshot.jpg)](https://ochagavia.nl/blog/the-magic-of-dependency-resolution)

</div>

Dependency resolution is something programmers usually take for granted.
Be it cargo, npm, or whatever package manager you use, no one is
actually surprised when this black-box figures out, all by itself, the
specific set of packages that should be installed. To me, though, it is
a fascinating feat. It feels magical when a machine solves an abstract
problem like that, with minimal input from me as a user! I was,
therefore, delighted when the nice folks at Prefix.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Package Managers: Understanding npm, npx and
yarn](https://dev.to/azhariel/package-managers-understanding-npm-npx-and-yarn-3j0c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fyztk8piq6o2gyy75cx4h.png)](https://dev.to/azhariel/package-managers-understanding-npm-npx-and-yarn-3j0c)

</div>

In the development scenario using JavaScript/TypeScript, it is
unthinkable to build professional...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Npm vs Yarn: What Should you use for managing packages in
React?](https://dev.to/darkxenium/npm-vs-yarn-what-should-you-use-for-managing-packages-in-react-2332)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fdp1loumndlgnx799slw3.png)](https://dev.to/darkxenium/npm-vs-yarn-what-should-you-use-for-managing-packages-in-react-2332)

</div>

Both npm (Node Package Manager) and Yarn are popular package managers
for JavaScript projects,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyPI · The Python Package Index](https://pypi.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org)

</div>

The Python Package Index (PyPI) is a repository of software for the
Python programming language.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Is Nix and Why You Should Use
It](https://serokell.io/blog/what-is-nix)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://serokell.io/files/tw/opengraph.twj9avz9.thumbnail_(8).jpg)](https://serokell.io/blog/what-is-nix)

</div>

Learn how the Nix package manager can help you make the development
process more efficient and simpler.

</div>

</div>
