<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# payments

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ISO 8583: The language of credit cards —
Increase](https://increase.com/articles/iso-8583-the-language-of-credit-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://increase.com/images/article-iso-8583-metatag.png)](https://increase.com/articles/iso-8583-the-language-of-credit-cards)

</div>

Discover the inner workings of ISO 8583, the global standard for credit
card transaction messaging. Learn how it powers payment processing
across networks and explore its structure, fields, and real-world
applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Guide to Marketplace Payment
Processing](https://dev.to/rapyd/guide-to-marketplace-payment-processing-23mk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fapwpf2nvskaavps6vqnw.png)](https://dev.to/rapyd/guide-to-marketplace-payment-processing-23mk)

</div>

By Mdu Sibisi One of the biggest challenges for modern e-commerce and
fintech developers is building...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ACH vs. Wire Transfers: Which Is Right for
You?](https://nanonets.com/blog/ach-vs-wire)

</div>

Automate complex business processes with Nanonets' intelligent
automation AI. Draw actionable insights from unstructured data across
multiple sources.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34281730)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An eCommerce Guide To Accepting International
Payments](https://www.retailtechnologyreview.com/articles/2022/12/12/an-ecommerce-guide-to-accepting-international-payments)

</div>

By Anna Smith, freelance writer.Pursuing global markets can be a
thrilling and significant step for your business. However, it’d be best
to establish a secure and proficient means for accepting payments
internationally. The best worldwide payment method for your eCommerce
will differ depending on the location or country of your customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[aynuriev.com - aynuriev Resources and
Information.](http://aynuriev.com/best-payment-gateway-startups)

</div>

aynuriev.com is your first and best source for all of the information
you’re looking for. From general topics to more of what you would expect
to find here, aynuriev.com has it all. We hope you find what you are
searching for!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Payment Processing Becomes A Commodity \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/08/what-happens-when-payment-processing-becomes-a-commodity?ncid=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/shutterstock_114439639.jpg?resize=1200,800)](https://techcrunch.com/2014/08/08/what-happens-when-payment-processing-becomes-a-commodity?ncid=rss)

</div>

One of the big subjects of discussion in the banking industry earlier
this year was the publication of the Millennial Disruption Index,
stating that millennials view banks as irrelevant and placing
traditional retail banking at the highest risk of disruption compared to
other B2C industries. Accenture's Banking 2020 report confirms this and
draws a parallel to the challenges the telecom industry faced 20 years
ago and states that non-banks will take a third of incumbent banks
revenues by 2020.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Dive:
Payments](https://tech.affirm.com/deep-dive-payments-60f5d17f6c71#.my84dztao)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:500/0*BF4ARKMTna_OFPHw.)](https://tech.affirm.com/deep-dive-payments-60f5d17f6c71#.my84dztao)

</div>

Ninety percent of Americans have used a credit card, but far fewer
understand the underlying systems enabling their payments. So let’s
dive…

</div>

</div>
