<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# pose-estimation

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Code Implementation for Advanced Human Pose Estimation Using
MediaPipe, OpenCV and
Matplotlib](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/03/25/a-code-implementation-for-advanced-human-pose-estimation-using-mediapipe-opencv-and-matplotlib/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/Screenshot-2025-03-25-at-1.46.40%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/03/25/a-code-implementation-for-advanced-human-pose-estimation-using-mediapipe-opencv-and-matplotlib/)

</div>

A Code Implementation Guide to Advanced Human Pose Estimation using
MediaPipe, OpenCV and Matplotlib

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[On-Device, Real-Time Hand Tracking with
MediaPipe](https://research.google/blog/on-device-real-time-hand-tracking-with-mediapipe/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-research2023-media/images/e3ef09568fe6b09d0b93772d3f02dbf3-i.width-800.format-jpeg.jpg)](https://research.google/blog/on-device-real-time-hand-tracking-with-mediapipe/)

</div>

Posted by Valentin Bazarevsky and Fan Zhang, Research Engineers, Google
Research The ability to perceive the shape and motion of hands can be a
v...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet SwimXYZ: A Synthetic Dataset of Swimming Motions and Videos
Containing](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/10/20/meet-swimxyz-a-synthetic-dataset-of-swimming-motions-and-videos-containing-3-4m-frames-annotated-with-ground-truth-2d-and-3d-joints)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ezgif-5-b8f61baff5.gif)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/10/20/meet-swimxyz-a-synthetic-dataset-of-swimming-motions-and-videos-containing-3-4m-frames-annotated-with-ground-truth-2d-and-3d-joints)

</div>

Human motion capture has emerged as a key tool in various industries,
including sports, medical, and character animation for the entertainment
sector. Motion capture is utilized in sports for multiple purposes,
including injury prevention, injury analysis, video game industry
animations, and even generating informative visualization for TV
broadcasters. Traditional motion capture systems provide solid results
in the majority of circumstances. Still, they are expensive and
time-consuming to set up, calibrate, and post-process, making them
difficult to utilize on a broad scale. These concerns are made worse for
aquatic activities like swimming, which bring up unique problems such as
marker reflections

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HRNet explained: Human Pose Estimation, Semantic Segmentation and
Object
De](https://towardsdatascience.com/hrnet-explained-human-pose-estimation-sematic-segmentation-and-object-detection-63f1ce79ef82?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*rLhbwmHhjFF2u9NrO3iWpg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hrnet-explained-human-pose-estimation-sematic-segmentation-and-object-detection-63f1ce79ef82?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Revealing whats behind the state-of-the art algorithm HRNet

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gentle introduction to 2D Hand Pose Estimation: Approach
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/gentle-introduction-to-2d-hand-pose-estimation-approach-explained-4348d6d79b11?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*CvYL8OI0js7MWUlM)](https://towardsdatascience.com/gentle-introduction-to-2d-hand-pose-estimation-approach-explained-4348d6d79b11?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Detailed tutorial on where to find a dataset, how to preprocess data,
what model architecture and loss to use, and, finally, how to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Browse the State-of-the-Art in Machine Learning \| Papers With
Code](https://paperswithcode.com/task/pose-estimation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://production-media.paperswithcode.com/tasks/Screenshot_2019-11-28_at_22.28.25_6MeKR2X.png)](https://paperswithcode.com/task/pose-estimation)

</div>

\*\*Pose Estimation\*\* is a computer vision task where the goal is to
detect the position and orientation of a person or an object. Usually,
this is done by predicting the location of specific keypoints like
hands, head, elbows, etc. in case of Human Pose Estimation. A common
benchmark for this task is \[MPII Human
Pose\](https://paperswithcode.com/sota/pose-estimation-on-mpii-human-pose)
( Image credit: \[Real-time 2D Multi-Person Pose Estimation on CPU:
Lightweight
OpenPose\](https://github.com/Daniil-Osokin/lightweight-human-pose-estimation.pytorch)
)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[FORTH-ModelBasedTracker/MocapNET: We present MocapNET, an ensemble of
SNN e](https://github.com/FORTH-ModelBasedTracker/MocapNET)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/5fc82e472ef74401676aaf90bb8448c9b11e4e9205f2799ad38005c1bca39190/FORTH-ModelBasedTracker/MocapNET)](https://github.com/FORTH-ModelBasedTracker/MocapNET)

</div>

We present MocapNET, a real-time method that estimates the 3D human pose
directly in the popular Bio Vision Hierarchy (BVH) format, given
estimations of the 2D body joints originating from monocula...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Feature Boosting Network For 3D Pose
Estimation](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8621059)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/assets/img/ieee_logo_smedia_200X200.png)](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8621059)

</div>

In this paper, a feature boosting network is proposed for estimating 3D
hand pose and 3D body pose from a single RGB image. In this method, the
features learned by the convolutional layers are boosted with a new long
short-term dependence-aware (LSTD) module, which enables the
intermediate convolutional feature maps to perceive the graphical long
short-term dependency among different hand (or body) parts using the
designed Graphical ConvLSTM. Learning a set of features that are
reliable and discriminatively representative of the pose of a hand (or
body) part is difficult due to the ambiguities, texture and illumination
variation, and self-occlusion in the real application of 3D pose
estimation. To improve the reliability of the features for representing
each body part and enhance the LSTD module, we further introduce a
context consistency gate (CCG) in this paper, with which the
convolutional feature maps are modulated according to their consistency
with the context representations. We evaluate the proposed method on
challenging benchmark datasets for 3D hand pose estimation and 3D full
body pose estimation. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our
method that achieves state-of-the-art performance on both of the tasks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Machine learning for everyone: How to implement pose estimation in a
browse](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2020/02/01/machine-learning-for-everyone-how-to-implement-pose-estimation-in-a-browser-using-your-webcam)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2020%2F01%2FCopy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-Copy-of-...-5.png&signature=582671f024531819e6affd97994117f8)](https://thenextweb.com/syndication/2020/02/01/machine-learning-for-everyone-how-to-implement-pose-estimation-in-a-browser-using-your-webcam)

</div>

The 20th century turned out to be an era of exponential growth in the
field of machine learning. The 3000-year-old ancient game of ‘Go’ that
computer scientists predicted will take another decade to crack was made
possible by Google Brai

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A 2019 guide to Human Pose Estimation with Deep
Learning](https://blog.nanonets.com/human-pose-estimation-2d-guide)

</div>

</div>

</div>
