<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# positioning

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is the Blemishing Effect? Why Imperfections Aren’t Always
Bad](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/03/21/what-is-the-blemishing-effect-why-imperfections-arent-always-bad)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.choicehacking.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Copy-of-Choice-Hacking-Podcast-Social-Image-Client-Logos-21.png)](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/03/21/what-is-the-blemishing-effect-why-imperfections-arent-always-bad)

</div>

What is the Blemishing Effect? This psychological principle says that
when we show a little negative information alongside the positive, we
can make something seem more attractive. Lots of brands use this effect
to make themselves more lovable. Just take Pringles who’s 2023 Super
Bowl ad showed people getting their hands stuck at the bottom

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Steve Blank A New Way to Look at
Competitors](https://steveblank.com/2013/11/08/a-new-way-to-look-at-competitors)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://steveblank.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/competitive-xy.jpg?w=468)](https://steveblank.com/2013/11/08/a-new-way-to-look-at-competitors)

</div>

Every startup I see invariably puts up a competitive analysis slide that
plots performance on a X/Y graph with their company in the top right.
The slide is a holdover from when existing companies l…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Obviously Awesome: a product positioning exercise \|
HackerNoon](https://hackernoon.com/obviously-awesome-a-product-positioning-exercise-604e8ced841e#.hb91bqrpu)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hackernoon.imgix.net/fallback-feat.png)](https://hackernoon.com/obviously-awesome-a-product-positioning-exercise-604e8ced841e#.hb91bqrpu)

</div>

Scroll down for a template — but I recommend you read the post before
you try to use it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<http://webdesignfromscratch.com/digital-strategy/pure-gold-positioning-questionnaire>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/a-total-steal)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Finding Language/Market Fit: How to Make Customers Feel Like You’ve
Read
Th](https://review.firstround.com/finding-language-market-fit-how-to-make-customers-feel-like-youve-read-their-minds)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2fgettyimages-1129716855.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/finding-language-market-fit-how-to-make-customers-feel-like-youve-read-their-minds)

</div>

After more than a decade of running B2B growth teams at PayPal and
investing at 500 Startups, Matt Lerner now spends his days helping
early-stage startups with growth. He's seen firsthand how changes in a
handful of words can yield jaw-dropping differences in conversion — and
accelerate a startup's course to product/market fit. Here, he makes the
case for starting with language/market fit first, and offers up his
4-step process for getting there.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Quickstart Guide to Positioning - April
Dunford](https://www.aprildunford.com/post/a-quickstart-guide-to-positioning)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/5ebd7ae939f9f61d8e17bc5e/604fad453dbdb1a4939a16a3_Positioning%20workflow%20blog%20new.png)](https://www.aprildunford.com/post/a-quickstart-guide-to-positioning)

</div>

Want to improve your product's positioning but not sure where to start?
This article is going to give you everything you need to get started
including what positioning is, why it matters, and how to improve it.

</div>

</div>
