<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# postgres

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL 16.4
Documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/16/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.postgresql.org/media/img/about/press/elephant.png)](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/16/index.html)

</div>

PostgreSQL 16.4 Documentation The PostgreSQL Global Development Group
Copyright © 1996–2024 The PostgreSQL Global Development Group Legal
Notice Table of …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[High Performance PostgreSQL for Rails: Reliable Scalable Maintainable
Dat](https://pragprog.com/titles/aapsql/high-performance-postgresql-for-rails?ref=stepchange-blog.ghost.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pragprog.com/titles/aapsql/aapsql-large.jpg)](https://pragprog.com/titles/aapsql/high-performance-postgresql-for-rails?ref=stepchange-blog.ghost.io)

</div>

Build fast, scalable PostgreSQL and Rails apps. Solve data growth,
quality, and reliability challenges, for workloads from consumer
Internet to enterprise SaaS.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Great Migration from MongoDB to
PostgreSQL](https://infisical.com/blog/postgresql-migration-technical)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://infisical.com/static/images/postgresql-migration-technical.png)](https://infisical.com/blog/postgresql-migration-technical)

</div>

How Infisical migrated from MongoDB to PostgreSQL.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install and Use PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 20.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/zp5sXuzCU113SHf5q679SqGu)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

PostgreSQL, or Postgres, is a relational database management system that
provides an implementation of the SQL querying language. This guide
demonstrates how…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Active Record and PostgreSQL — Ruby on Rails
Guides](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_postgresql.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4223)](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_postgresql.html)

</div>

Active Record and PostgreSQLThis guide covers PostgreSQL specific usage
of Active Record.After reading this guide, you will know: How to use
PostgreSQL's datatypes. How to use UUID primary keys. How to include
non-key columns in indexes. How to use deferrable foreign keys. How to
use unique constraints. How to implement exclusion constraints. How to
implement full text search with PostgreSQL. How to back your Active
Record models with database views.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Effective Queries with Rails and PostgreSQL - Honeybadger Developer
Blog](https://www.honeybadger.io/blog/rails-postgresql-queries)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/nZ52rq9EkQ6V3bp1Lj/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkVmZmVjdGl2ZSBRdWVyaWVzIHdpdGggUmFpbHMgYW5kIFBvc3RncmVTUUwiLCJjb2xvciI6bnVsbCwiYmFja2dyb3VuZCI6bnVsbH0seyJuYW1lIjoiaGVhZHNob3QiLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3d3dy1maWxlcy5ob25leWJhZGdlci5pby9hdXRob3JzL3BhdmVsdGthY2hlbmtvLnBuZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6InN1bW1hcnkiLCJ0ZXh0IjoiR2V0dGluZyBkYXRhICppbnRvKiB5b3VyIGRhdGFiYXNlIGlzIGVhc3ksIGJ1dCBxdWVyeWluZyBsYXJnZSBkYXRhc2V0cyBpcyBjaGFsbGVuZ2luZ-KAlGVzcGVjaWFsbHkgd2l0aG91dCB0aGUgcmlnaHQgaW5kZXhlcy4gUGF2ZWwgVGthY2hlbmtvIHRlYWNoZXMgaG93IHRvIHdyaXRlIHBlcmZvcm1hbnQgU1FMIHF1ZXJpZXMgd2l0aCBFWFBMQUlOIGFuZCBBTkFMWVpFLiIsImNvbG9yIjpudWxsLCJiYWNrZ3JvdW5kIjpudWxsfSx7Im5hbWUiOiJhdXRob3IiLCJ0ZXh0IjoiQnkgKlBhdmVsIFRrYWNoZW5rbyoiLCJjb2xvciI6bnVsbCwiYmFja2dyb3VuZCI6bnVsbH0seyJuYW1lIjoidGFncyIsInRleHQiOiIjcnVieSAjcmFpbHMgI3Bvc3RncmVzcWwiLCJjb2xvciI6bnVsbCwiYmFja2dyb3VuZCI6bnVsbH1d&s=6d6f8d799a5c98d194c052e1fc88a8901df9ff1f8171b5bce0c969dedec2ce55)](https://www.honeybadger.io/blog/rails-postgresql-queries)

</div>

Getting data \*into\* your database is easy, but querying large datasets
is challenging—especially without the right indexes. Pavel Tkachenko
teaches how to write performant SQL queries with EXPLAIN and ANALYZE.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Postgres is
Enough](https://gist.github.com/cpursley/c8fb81fe8a7e5df038158bdfe0f06dbb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/gist-og-image-54fd7dc0713e.png)](https://gist.github.com/cpursley/c8fb81fe8a7e5df038158bdfe0f06dbb)

</div>

Postgres is Enough · GitHub

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Start Using psql in Terminal (for
Beginners)](https://dev.to/koshirok096/how-to-start-using-psql-in-terminal-for-beginners-2ok3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fce2myv15u3p84wzxntr9.png)](https://dev.to/koshirok096/how-to-start-using-psql-in-terminal-for-beginners-2ok3)

</div>

Intro Hello guys! Today I try to write about how to start using psql in
Terminal app,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Internals of PostgreSQL: Database Cluster, Databases, and
Tables](https://dev.to/sadeeddahmad/the-internals-of-postgresql-database-cluster-databases-and-tables-n2d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/sadeeddahmad/the-internals-of-postgresql-database-cluster-databases-and-tables-n2d)

</div>

PostgreSQL, a widely adopted open-source relational database management
system (RDBMS), offers robust...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres: A curated list of awesome PostgreSQL
software, libraries, tools and resources, inspired by
awesome-mysql](https://github.com/dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/b25c223f8923e54804d677e9848a6ac1bc75c268dc2fddc079895894a5b4f214/dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres)](https://github.com/dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres)

</div>

A curated list of awesome PostgreSQL software, libraries, tools and
resources, inspired by awesome-mysql - dhamaniasad/awesome-postgres

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mathesar-foundation/mathesar: Web application providing an intuitive
user experience to databases.](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/02e4956336e88ec4274f10e924d7340a933b7997050d22f3d947a68031a26fc4/mathesar-foundation/mathesar)](https://github.com/centerofci/mathesar)

</div>

Web application providing an intuitive user experience to databases. -
mathesar-foundation/mathesar

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering PostgreSQL Views and CTEs for Rails Developers: A
Comprehensive
G](https://dev.to/yet_anotherdev/mastering-postgresql-views-and-ctes-for-rails-developers-a-comprehensive-guide-3fl4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/yet_anotherdev/mastering-postgresql-views-and-ctes-for-rails-developers-a-comprehensive-guide-3fl4)

</div>

Introduction Views and Common Table Expression or CTE are two important
concept in...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Use PostgreSQL with Your Ruby on Rails Application on Ubuntu
18.04
\|](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-postgresql-with-your-ruby-on-rails-application-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitalocean.com/_next/static/media/intro-to-cloud.d49bc5f7.jpeg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-postgresql-with-your-ruby-on-rails-application-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

A PostgreSQL database is a robust and flexible choice for your Ruby on
Rails application. In this tutorial, you will set up a Ruby on Rails
development envir…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Database Programming with Rails and
Postgres](https://rubyweekly.com/link/127468/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pganalyze.com/og/ebook-advanced-database-programming-rails-postgres.jpg)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/127468/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

Learn about Active Record and subqueries, views and materialized views,
and domain types and composite types in Postgres and Ruby on Rails.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL 14
Internals](https://postgrespro.com/community/books/internals)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://postgrespro.com/img/logo2.png)](https://postgrespro.com/community/books/internals)

</div>

Postgres Professional is a PostgreSQL company delivering Postgres Pro
DBMS and all kinds of PostgreSQL professional services worldwide

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Postgres Vs MySQL syntax comparison with
cheatsheet](https://dev.to/tipseason/postgres-vs-mysql-syntax-comparison-with-cheatsheet-41n5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fl7vr3b8a0h58yza7hv7d.png)](https://dev.to/tipseason/postgres-vs-mysql-syntax-comparison-with-cheatsheet-41n5)

</div>

When migrating from PostgreSQL to MySQL we often get stuck with syntax
between databases. Here are...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Apt - PostgreSQL wiki](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 20.04 \[Quickstart\] \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04-quickstart)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/5kWwmK8BtWpfC5weGSDqU65t)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04-quickstart)

</div>

PostgreSQL, or Postgres, is a relational database management system that
provides an implementation of the SQL querying language. This quickstart
guide demon…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite on Heroku \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sqlite3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/sqlite3)

</div>

A guide to SQLite on Heroku - explaining why using SQLite on Heroku's
ephemeral file system is a bad fit, and looking at alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Text Search in Milliseconds with Rails and
PostgreSQL](https://pganalyze.com/blog/full-text-search-ruby-rails-postgres)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pganalyze.com/static/be06f82c4bee648c1ea8fe0d77d92c52/fcb2f/full_text_search_ruby_rails_postgres.jpg)](https://pganalyze.com/blog/full-text-search-ruby-rails-postgres)

</div>

This article shows how to optimize a Full Text Search implementation
with Rails and PostgreSQL, taking a single query from 130ms to 7ms.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL
Python](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/PostgreSQL-Python.png)](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python)

</div>

This PostgreSQL Python section shows how to work with PostgreSQL from
Python programming language using the psycopg2 database driver.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL Command Line Cheat
Sheet](http://blog.jasonmeridth.com/posts/postgresql-command-line-cheat-sheet)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL on the Command
Line](http://phili.pe/posts/postgresql-on-the-command-line)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://gravatar.com/avatar/e29f04f339715955060858e0e65e1311.png)](http://phili.pe/posts/postgresql-on-the-command-line)

</div>

Working efficiently with psql

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL: About](https://www.postgresql.org/about)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install and Use PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 14.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-14-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/H83RrNFHGL58YpjgpGLvxPHX)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-14-04)

</div>

PostgreSQL is one of the most powerful and popular relational database
management systems available for open source platforms. In this guide,
we’ll talk abo…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Set Up An Express API Backend Project With PostgreSQL — Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/04/express-api-backend-project-postgresql)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/b20e4a44-cc99-45dd-82df-d498c66b4d6a/express-api-backend-project-postgresql.png)](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/04/express-api-backend-project-postgresql)

</div>

In this article, Chidi Orji will create a set of API endpoints using
\[Express\](https://expressjs.com/) from scratch in ES6 syntax, and
cover some development best practices. Find out how all the pieces work
together as you create a small project using Continuous Integration and
Test-Driven Development before deploying to Heroku.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Developer \|
TechRepublic](https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/diy-it-guy/diy-a-postgresql-database-server-setup-anyone-can-handle)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL Exercises](https://pgexercises.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Linux Tutorial: PostgreSQL Database and
Linux](http://www.yolinux.com/TUTORIALS/LinuxTutorialPostgreSQL.html)

</div>

Using the PostgreSQL database with Linux. This tutorial also covers some
of the pitfalls users may experience.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Essential Psql Commands For Data
Engineers](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-essential-psql-commands-for-data-engineers-c1ea42279160)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*5wJ459bq74jEuccOgNLlRQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-essential-psql-commands-for-data-engineers-c1ea42279160)

</div>

Learn how to interact with PostgreSQL databases through the command line
using PSQL.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pgMustard - review Postgres query plans
quickly](https://www.pgmustard.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5ac767d1e2ccd11e65939466/t/5d518d1ce812e9000152afb6/1565625629224/pg_thumbnail_with_background.png?format=1500w)](https://www.pgmustard.com)

</div>

pgMustard is a Postgres EXPLAIN visualisation tool that also gives
performance advice, scored based on its potential to speed up your
query.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to build a search engine with Ruby on
Rails](https://blog.testdouble.com/posts/2021-09-09-how-to-build-a-search-engine-with-ruby-on-rails)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6647a84a9616b0776fb903e9/66667ea42cee85721676cd1b_social-how-to-build-a-search-engine-with-ruby-on-rails.png)](https://blog.testdouble.com/posts/2021-09-09-how-to-build-a-search-engine-with-ruby-on-rails)

</div>

Implementing search in your Rails app can be vexing. Here's a great
pattern to use that combines the best parts of ActiveRecord and
Postgres.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building Backend \| Node, Postgres,
GraphQL](https://dev.to/daliboru/building-backend-node-postgres-graphql-373g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvs1glorbpewndes162xz.png)](https://dev.to/daliboru/building-backend-node-postgres-graphql-373g)

</div>

Hi there 👋 Every application, you'll agree, needs a back-end. And there
are many languages and tools...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostGIS – Spatial and Geographic Objects for
PostgreSQL](https://postgis.net)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Uber Engineering Switched from Postgres to
MySQL](https://eng.uber.com/postgres-to-mysql-migration)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL Tutorial - Learn PostgreSQL from
Scratch](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com//wp-content/uploads/2021/04/postgresql-tutorial-homepage.svg)](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com)

</div>

Learn PostgreSQL quickly through a practical PostgreSQL tutorial
designed for database administrators and application developers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Install PostgreSQL on Linux
(Ubuntu)](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/install-postgresql-linux)

</div>

In this tutorial, you will learn how to download and install PostgreSQL
on Linux. You also learn how to load the sample database to the
PostgreSQL Database Server.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[psql command line tutorial and cheat sheet \|
postgres](https://tomcam.github.io/postgres)

</div>

The least you need to know about Postgres

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQL Query Cheatsheet for
Postgres](https://towardsdatascience.com/sql-query-cheatsheet-for-postgres-96eba6e9e419?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NwJGGvT4lR1mnifjxrHuNw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/sql-query-cheatsheet-for-postgres-96eba6e9e419?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The SQL queries I use as a data scientist and software engineer

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How GIN Indices Can Make Your Postgres Queries 15x
Faster](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-gin-indices-can-make-your-postgres-queries-15x-faster-af7a195a3fc5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*UEAzlUSboRMuQBW486o0Xw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-gin-indices-can-make-your-postgres-queries-15x-faster-af7a195a3fc5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

With query examples you can run on your laptop

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL Python: Connect To PostgreSQL Database
Server](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python/connect)

</div>

In this tutorial, you will learn how to connect to the PostgreSQL
database server from Python using the psycopg2 package.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ruby on rails - Postgres permission denied to create database on rake
db:cr](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28116927/postgres-permission-denied-to-create-database-on-rake-dbcreateall)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28116927/postgres-permission-denied-to-create-database-on-rake-dbcreateall)

</div>

I am trying to create postgres databases for development and tests. I'm
using: OSX Yosemite Rails version: 4.2.0 git version: 2.2.2 psql
version: 9.4.0 ruby version: 2.1.0p0 HomeBrew version: 0.9.5

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Postgres is a great pub/sub & job
server](https://layerci.com/blog/postgres-is-the-answer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://webapp.io/blog/content/images/2019/11/postgres.png)](https://layerci.com/blog/postgres-is-the-answer)

</div>

If you need a publish/subscribe or job server at any point in your
project, try using Postgres. It'll give you lots of data integrity and
performance guarantees, and it doesn't require you or your team learning
any new technology.

</div>

</div>
