<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# prds-requirements

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/d8UU5nhEYhNSeKX5pSR4zZ/Product-Requirements-Document-(Copy)?node-id=0-1&t=VlzwdLYfuH8uSUnS-0&type=whiteboard)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.figma.com/file/d8UU5nhEYhNSeKX5pSR4zZ/thumbnail?ver=thumbnails%2F3b02de71-a470-42aa-be5c-b660ce34980a&t=VlzwdLYfuH8uSUnS-0)](https://www.figma.com/file/d8UU5nhEYhNSeKX5pSR4zZ/Product-Requirements-Document-(Copy)?node-id=0-1&t=VlzwdLYfuH8uSUnS-0&type=whiteboard)

</div>

Created with FigJam

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The PRD Isn’t Dead: New Best Practices for Digital Product
Development](https://www.toptal.com/product-managers/digital/prd-digital-product-development)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8957524/og_image/optimized/unnamed-21ced7f3f8520e2d994f94b29a5eb722.png)](https://www.toptal.com/product-managers/digital/prd-digital-product-development)

</div>

Reap the benefits of an optimized product requirements document.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Writing Good
Requirements](https://reqexperts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/writing_good_requirements.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://argondigital.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Website-Blog-Image_default-placeholder.jpg)](https://reqexperts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/writing_good_requirements.htm)

</div>

Requirements Experts is known for being the leading resource for
requirements methodologies, training, tools, and templates

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Software Requirement Specification: How to make SRS for your project
\[with
examples\]](https://ddi-dev.com/blog/programming/how-to-write-software-requirement-specification-for-your-project)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ddi-dev.com/uploads/make-specification.jpg)](https://ddi-dev.com/blog/programming/how-to-write-software-requirement-specification-for-your-project)

</div>

How to write SRS? What its key characteristics? To deliver a successful
and robust software product, you should know an in-depth description of
what to be developed. That’s why writing a clear, concise and easy to
follow SRS documentation is a must.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is the best way to write a PRD? With PRD examples from companies
you look
upto!](https://www.vindhyac.com/posts/best-prd-templates-from-companies-we-adore)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.vindhyac.com/static/photo-b7ce060bfd80345b3da617b6575dbba7.jpg)](https://www.vindhyac.com/posts/best-prd-templates-from-companies-we-adore)

</div>

Always looking for learning opportunities in product and life.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://docs.idew.org/principles-and-practices/practices/design-practices/design-requirements>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Discovery vs. Documentation \| Silicon Valley Product
Group](https://www.svpg.com/discovery-vs-documentation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.svpg.com/wp-content/themes/svpg2022/app/img/svpg-social.jpg)](https://www.svpg.com/discovery-vs-documentation)

</div>

The problem that I want to write about today has always been a problem,
but in truth, the pandemic has made this problem substantially worse.  
In particular, I am worried about teams reverting back to the heavy use
of artifacts such as product requirements documents (e.g. PRD’s). I was
afraid this would happen, and I...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kevinyien: PRD
Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mEMDcHmtQ6twzNlpvF-9maNlAcezpWDtCnyIqWkODZs/edit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/docs/AHkbwyKX8HOlYAQLsUy69ERO2wWa5cyCKrZM8assAP3JH1Z6z075kmiGY_rEAsc-0V0Y1Vwbh8q22gg2sj3zqFxjaZT17zZrsLY9m1d9WGC4a9jjx0aMgsc=w1200-h630-p)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mEMDcHmtQ6twzNlpvF-9maNlAcezpWDtCnyIqWkODZs/edit)

</div>

\[Project Name\] \[one-line description\] Team: \[Awesome\]
Contributors: \[PM\], \[Designer\], \[Engineer\], \[Analyst\] Resources:
\[Designs\], \[Analytics\], \[Notes\] Status: Draft / Problem Review /
Solution Review / Launch Review / Launched Last Updated: Thursday, May
21, 2020 Problem Alignment Describe...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Developing a Product Requirements Document for Hardware
Startups](https://blog.bolt.io/one-of-the-most-powerful-tools-for-hardware-startups-writing-25cd261dbe0b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.bolt.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/1-ekxubUGoDLvI6QVW_G8F_Q.png)](https://blog.bolt.io/one-of-the-most-powerful-tools-for-hardware-startups-writing-25cd261dbe0b)

</div>

I have always avoided writing. As a mechanical engineer, I would rather
do just about anything else: sketch parts, build prototypes, or
collaborate with manufacturers. Rough sketches for Dor, one of Bolt’s
portfolio companies For over 15 years, I have designed and engineered
products — mostly a

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn TLA+ — Learn TLA+](https://learntla.com/introduction)

</div>

</div>

</div>
