<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# presentations-presenting

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Storytelling as a Craft: Advice from 5 Experts on How to Tell a
Compelling](https://review.firstround.com/storytelling-as-a-craft-advice-from-5-experts-on-how-to-tell-a-compelling-business-story)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2freal-20portrait.jpg)](https://review.firstround.com/storytelling-as-a-craft-advice-from-5-experts-on-how-to-tell-a-compelling-business-story)

</div>

Every startup leader should practice flexing their storytelling muscles.
To help warm these muscles up, we’ve rounded up some of our best advice
about storytelling in business that’s been featured in the Review.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Psychology of Camera
Confidence](https://nesslabs.com/camera-confidence)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nesslabs.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/camera-confidence-illustration.png)](https://nesslabs.com/camera-confidence)

</div>

In a world dominated by video, we know we’d benefit from communicating
effortlessly through video content. But many of us struggle with camera
confidence. This is because our fear of talking to a camera is deeply
rooted in our survival instincts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seven Things I Learnt Doing Stand-Up Comedy \| Michael Gomes
Vieira](https://michaelgv.uk/posts/2022/08/seven-things-i-learnt-doing-stand-up-comedy)

</div>

I took part in a 6 week stand-up comedy course for beginners at The
Comedy Store in Central London. At the end of the course, myself and the
other co...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Block Your Talk](http://eleganthack.com/block-your-talk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/880/1*2VaP2HN2xlkNEU63FzIrvg.jpeg)](http://eleganthack.com/block-your-talk)

</div>

This one of a series of essays on speaking. Find more here. You’ve
written a great talk, you’ve made your deck (or not!) and you’ve
practiced. But have you considered how you’ll move while speaking…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Ways to Look More Confident During a
Presentation](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/6-ways-to-look-more-confident-during-a-presentation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2017/04/apr17-06-515043305.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/6-ways-to-look-more-confident-during-a-presentation)

</div>

Here’s what the best leaders do.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bad at public speaking? The trick is to distill your message to these
15 words, says speech
trainer](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/13/to-be-great-at-public-speaking-distill-message-15-words-speech-trainer-says.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://image.cnbcfm.com/api/v1/image/106662245-1597331691725-GettyImages-969226262.jpg?v=1597331794&w=1920&h=1080)](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/13/to-be-great-at-public-speaking-distill-message-15-words-speech-trainer-says.html)

</div>

Mastering the art of public speaking has nothing to do with your
personality, with overcoming shyness or learning to act confident. It's
a technical skill that nearly anyone can acquire — just like cooking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Ways This Introvert Polished His Public Speaking
Skills](https://www.riskology.co/introvert-speak)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/www.riskology.co/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/presentation-flow.jpg?fit=2048%2C1286&ssl=1)](https://www.riskology.co/introvert-speak)

</div>

Not all introverts suffer from public speaking anxiety. But if you do,
here are some ideas to eliminate it and become a strong communicator.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tap into the power to persuade by using these 6 techniques of clear and
compelling
speech](https://ideas.ted.com/tap-into-the-power-to-persuade-by-using-these-6-techniques-of-clear-and-compelling-speech)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ideas.ted.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/09/web-ready_speaker-final.jpg)](https://ideas.ted.com/tap-into-the-power-to-persuade-by-using-these-6-techniques-of-clear-and-compelling-speech)

</div>

Politicians and other public figures deploy particular rhetorical
devices to communicate their ideas and to convince people, and it’s time
that we all learned how to use them, says speechwriter Sim…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Greatest Sales Deck I’ve Ever
Seen](https://medium.com/the-mission/the-greatest-sales-deck-ive-ever-seen-4f4ef3391ba0#.oigbovgec)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*cWrckQhDDGxKiwpb6YtPtg.jpeg)](https://medium.com/the-mission/the-greatest-sales-deck-ive-ever-seen-4f4ef3391ba0#.oigbovgec)

</div>

It’s Zuora’s, and it’s brilliant. Here’s why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Greatest Sales Pitch I’ve Seen All
Year](https://medium.com/the-mission/the-best-sales-pitch-ive-seen-all-year-7fa92afaa248)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NzNYzbnb0rusPP4S-ZD96Q.jpeg)](https://medium.com/the-mission/the-best-sales-pitch-ive-seen-all-year-7fa92afaa248)

</div>

It’s Drift’s and it’s brilliant. Here’s why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Greatest Sales Deck I’ve Ever
Seen](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/greatest-sales-deck-ive-ever-seen-andy-raskin)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C5612AQGGE9cslNJG6g/article-cover_image-shrink_720_1280/article-cover_image-shrink_720_1280/0/1520095078598?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=5xZyNnQxYjaA4H5tlcPm9o4nbMzyzRB7juIH8B93HVM)](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/greatest-sales-deck-ive-ever-seen-andy-raskin)

</div>

It's Zuora's and it's brilliant. Here's why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pitch deck: An inside peek at how Hulu is selling its pause
ads](https://digiday.com/marketing/pitch-deck-hulu-selling-pause-ads)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/10/TV-image.png)](https://digiday.com/marketing/pitch-deck-hulu-selling-pause-ads)

</div>

Hulu is allowing just four advertisers to run pause ads each month,
which helps to explain why this new type of inventory is selling out
several months in advance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Give a Great Presentation: Timeless Advice from a Legendary
Adman,
1](https://www.brainpickings.org/2012/12/20/writing-that-works-roman)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.themarginalian.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/writingthatworks1.jpg?fit=334%2C498&ssl=1)](https://www.brainpickings.org/2012/12/20/writing-that-works-roman)

</div>

“No speech was ever too short.”

</div>

</div>
