<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# pricing

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What If Dynamic Pricing Was Solely Used To Reduce Prices? -
RetailWire](https://retailwire.com/discussion/dynamic-pricing-reduce-prices/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/dynamic-pricing-Depositphotos_136278062_XL-1024x609.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/dynamic-pricing-reduce-prices/)

</div>

Dynamic pricing remains a hotly contested concept in retail,
particularly grocery. What if the pricing model was deployed solely to
the benefit of consumers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Pages — A Curated Gallery of Pricing Page
Designs](https://pricingpages.design/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/689668ab1aaf9433c413496a/6899c68afc269da2e4141637_2532.webp)](https://pricingpages.design/)

</div>

Discover handpicked pricing page examples from SaaS companies, ecommerce
brands, and digital agencies. Find design inspiration for your next
pricing page design

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI-Driven Antitrust and Competition Law: Algorithmic Collusion,
Self-Learning Pricing Tools, and Legal Challenges in the US and
EU](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/08/10/ai-driven-antitrust-and-competition-law-algorithmic-collusion-self-learning-pricing-tools-and-legal-challenges-in-the-us-and-eu/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/blog-banner-1.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/08/10/ai-driven-antitrust-and-competition-law-algorithmic-collusion-self-learning-pricing-tools-and-legal-challenges-in-the-us-and-eu/)

</div>

AI algorithmic collusion challenges traditional antitrust law. Legal AI
frameworks adapt to prosecute self-learning pricing tools

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Many prediction markets would be better off as batched
auctions](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/rS6tKxSWkYBgxmsma/many-prediction-markets-would-be-better-off-as-batched)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/lesswrong-2-0/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto/v1/mirroredImages/rS6tKxSWkYBgxmsma/maksgj8ulvdcik6w7aek)](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/rS6tKxSWkYBgxmsma/many-prediction-markets-would-be-better-off-as-batched)

</div>

All prediction market platforms trade continuously, which is the same
mechanism the stock market uses. Buy and sell limit orders can be posted
at any…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Setting a Pricing Strategy Amid Ever-Changing
Tariffs](https://hbr.org/2025/04/setting-a-pricing-strategy-amid-ever-changing-tariffs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2025/04/Apr25_23_1371981344.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2025/04/setting-a-pricing-strategy-amid-ever-changing-tariffs)

</div>

There are options beyond simply raising your prices or absorbing extra
costs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Do Pawn Shops Buy? Answered + Prices Ranges
Detailed](https://firstquarterfinance.com/what-do-pawn-shops-buy/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://firstquarterfinance.com/wp-content/uploads/What-Do-Pawn-Shops-Buy-Featured-Image.jpg)](https://firstquarterfinance.com/what-do-pawn-shops-buy/)

</div>

What can you sell at a pawn shop? We explain what pawn shops buy, plus
how to get the most money. Find price details for electronics, clothing,
and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How PawnGuru Helps Sellers And Pawn Shops Compare Prices
Online](https://www.forbes.com/sites/amitchowdhry/2016/04/08/how-pawnguru-helps-sellers-and-pawn-shops-compare-prices-online/#4a6ec8ea7324)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://imageio.forbes.com/blogs-images/amitchowdhry/files/2016/04/pawnshop.jpg?format=jpg&height=600&width=1200&fit=bounds)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/amitchowdhry/2016/04/08/how-pawnguru-helps-sellers-and-pawn-shops-compare-prices-online/#4a6ec8ea7324)

</div>

Inside of a pawn shop / Photo Credit: PawnGuru Pawning something you own
can be a major challenge. You want to get the highest amount for your
item, but you don’t know which pawn shop will pay the most. Reality TV
shows like “Hardcore Pawn” and “Pawn Stars” demonstrate how pawn \[...\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Economics of Pawn
Shops](https://priceonomics.com/the-economics-of-pawn-shops/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://etzq49yfnmd.exactdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/4026068053_81853b94a8_b.jpg?strip=all&lossy=1&ssl=1)](https://priceonomics.com/the-economics-of-pawn-shops/)

</div>

Pawn shops are America's lenders of last resort. But even for the same
item, the amount pawn shops will loan you can vary more than 1,000%.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Human Intervention: Algorithmic Collusion through Multi-Agent
Learning Strategies](https://freakonometrics.hypotheses.org/79219)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://freakonometrics.hypotheses.org/wp-content/cleo-commons/images/favicon_150x150.png)](https://freakonometrics.hypotheses.org/79219)

</div>

Our paper, Beyond Human Intervention: Algorithmic Collusion through
Multi-Agent Learning Strategies, with Suzie Grondin and Philipp Ratz is
now available online Collusion in market pricing is a concept associated
with human actions to raise market prices through artificially limited
supply. Recently, the idea of algorithmic collusion was put forward,
where the human action in the … Continue reading Beyond Human
Intervention: Algorithmic Collusion through Multi-Agent Learning
Strategies →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ecommerce Benefits of Dynamic
Pricing](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ecommerce-benefits-of-dynamic-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/010825-featured-water-bottles.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ecommerce-benefits-of-dynamic-pricing)

</div>

AI-powered platforms transform a decades-old pricing practice.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Companies Do Well is Not Necessarily How They Make
Money](https://capitalgains.thediff.co/p/counterintuitive-business-models)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://beehiiv-images-production.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/asset/file/fbccd5e2-30f3-419c-b235-e78f29d6049b/Screen_Shot_2023-01-20_at_11.40.29_AM.png?t=1674234421)](https://capitalgains.thediff.co/p/counterintuitive-business-models)

</div>

Thoughts on business models that don't seem to make perfect sense

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mistakes from my Failed Startup in Scalping Concert
Tickets](https://www.thediff.co/r/29750ad5?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F13b33869-477d-497a-bf0d-a479f56def51_1792x1024.webp)](https://www.thediff.co/r/29750ad5?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

And why you will never get Taylor Swift tickets at face value

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Information as a Universal Complement and Universal
Substitute](https://www.thediff.co/archive/information-as-a-universal-complement-and-universal-substitute)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.thediff.co/content/images/size/w1200/2022/02/Screenshot-2022-02-17-at-12.51.50-1.png)](https://www.thediff.co/archive/information-as-a-universal-complement-and-universal-substitute)

</div>

Plus! Diff Jobs; Making a Market; Financial Innovation; IRL; Open-Ended
Liabilities; Meme Stock Relapse

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[StubHub vs. Ticketmaster vs. SeatGeek: What’s
the Difference?](https://www.sportico.com/business/commerce/2024/ticketmaster-vs-stubhub-sports-tickets-buying-online-1234789624)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.sportico.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Ticketmaster_StubHub_Seatgeek_SEO.png?w=1024)](https://www.sportico.com/business/commerce/2024/ticketmaster-vs-stubhub-sports-tickets-buying-online-1234789624)

</div>

Tickets are almost entirely bought and sold (and resold) online. What is
the difference between Ticketmaster, StubHub, SeatGeek and other
brokers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Get Rich From Peeping Inside People’s
Fridges](https://www.wired.com/story/get-rich-peeping-inside-fridges)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/6675620b977914a7eef833b9/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/Tasso.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/story/get-rich-peeping-inside-fridges)

</div>

Forget the S&P 500. Look at the ice cream. This investor visits homes
around the world to see where diets—and economies—will go next.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Price A Data
Asset](https://pivotal.substack.com/p/how-to-price-a-data-asset)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F56cde88b-ebe4-4824-beed-2c3153d47ff9_800x800.jpeg)](https://pivotal.substack.com/p/how-to-price-a-data-asset)

</div>

Everything you ever wanted to know about data pricing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How annual pre-pay creates an infinite marketing
budget](https://longform.asmartbear.com/annual-prepay)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.asmartbear.com/annual-prepay/thumbnail-1200w.png)](https://longform.asmartbear.com/annual-prepay)

</div>

Dozens of founders have used this technique to transform the cash-flow
of their businesses. Now it's your turn.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shipt’s Pay Algorithm Squeezed Gig Workers. They Fought Back - IEEE
Spectru](https://spectrum.ieee.org/shipt)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/image.jpg?id=52506036&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C506%2C0%2C507)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/shipt)

</div>

When their pay suddenly dropped, delivery drivers audited their employer

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Doordash and Pizza
Arbitrage](https://www.readmargins.com/p/doordash-and-pizza-arbitrage)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F77adbaf1-6c37-4e83-9aec-919c7a02940d_4032x2268.jpeg)](https://www.readmargins.com/p/doordash-and-pizza-arbitrage)

</div>

There is such a thing as a free lunch

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Maximizing Value: How to Leverage Psychology to Raise Your
Prices](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/05/17/maximizing-value-how-to-leverage-psychology-to-raise-your-prices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.choicehacking.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/AdobeStock_438838058-scaled.jpeg)](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/05/17/maximizing-value-how-to-leverage-psychology-to-raise-your-prices)

</div>

Clients often ask me, "How can we charge more?" The answer is simple:
Make the value you offer crystal clear.In economics this is called value
exchange.Many brands provide the value, but they don't communicate it
clearly, consistently, or in language that resonates with their buyer.
So how can we use principles from marketing psychology and

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simplicity is An Advantage but Sadly Complexity Sells
Better](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/simplicity)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eugeneyan.com/assets/og_image/simplicity.jpg)](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/simplicity)

</div>

Pushing back on the cult of complexity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Paris F.C. Set Tickets To \$0. Should Others Do the
Same?](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/world/europe/paris-fc-free-tickets-soccer.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/04/08/multimedia/00soccer-tickets-01-wtbm/00soccer-tickets-01-wtbm-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/04/10/world/europe/paris-fc-free-tickets-soccer.html)

</div>

When Paris F.C. made its tickets free, it began an experiment into the
connection between fans and teams, and posed a question about the value
of big crowds to televised sports.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Collusive Outcomes Without
Collusion](http://d.repec.org/n?r=gth&u=RePEc:arx:papers:2403.07177)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Equitable Pricing in
Auctions](http://d.repec.org/n?r=gth&u=RePEc:arx:papers:2403.07799)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Algorithmic Collusion and Price Discrimination: The Over-Usage of
Data](http://d.repec.org/n?r=gth&u=RePEc:arx:papers:2403.06150)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing \| Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://www.heroku.com/pricing)

</div>

Heroku offers simple, flexible pricing to meet the needs of every app
and every organization. Add data stores, cloud services, support, and
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Van Westendorp's Price Sensitivity Meter -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Westendorp's_Price_Sensitivity_Meter)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/VanWestendorp1.svg/1200px-VanWestendorp1.svg.png)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Westendorp's_Price_Sensitivity_Meter)

</div>

The Price Sensitivity Meter (PSM) is a market technique for determining
consumer price preferences. It was introduced in 1976 by Dutch economist
Peter van Westendorp. The technique has been used by a wide variety of
researchers in the market research industry. The PSM approach has been a
staple technique for addressing pricing issues for the past 20 years. It
historically has been promoted by many professional market research
associations in their training and professional development programs.
The PSM approach continues to be used widely throughout the market
research industry and descriptions can be easily found in many market
research websites.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Algorithms can aid price collusion, even if no humans actually talk to
each](https://www.theverge.com/2024/3/28/24114991/algorithms-can-aid-price-collusion-doj-ftc-caesars)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rXgpO5pPy_YVQLMq-hn_oPAVUBA=/0x0:4000x2667/1200x628/filters:focal(2000x1334:2001x1335)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25360657/1210109354.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/2024/3/28/24114991/algorithms-can-aid-price-collusion-doj-ftc-caesars)

</div>

The DOJ and FTC weighed in on a case about hotel pricing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Uber-style pricing is coming for
everything](https://www.vox.com/money/24105250/fast-food-restaurants-dynamic-pricing-algorithm-wendys)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.vox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25343225/GettyImages_1462296278.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C10.732984293194%2C100%2C78.534031413613&w=1200)](https://www.vox.com/money/24105250/fast-food-restaurants-dynamic-pricing-algorithm-wendys)

</div>

More and more industries are adopting “dynamic pricing” — and consumers
aren’t happy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons from More Than 1,000 E-Commerce Pricing
Tests](https://hbr.org/2024/03/lessons-from-more-than-1000-e-commerce-pricing-tests)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2024/02/Mar24_19_1255616569.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2024/03/lessons-from-more-than-1000-e-commerce-pricing-tests)

</div>

At most small and medium-sized e-commerce retailers, prices are
typically set and updated in an ad hoc fashion without one clear owner.
The process often starts by using a gross margin target, followed by
some comparison with competitors, and then some adjustments from there.
Many of these retailers would quickly admit that this isn’t an optimal
strategy, and that they are likely leaving money on the table — and
they’re often right. The authors’ experience with price testing has
shown that there is actually a significant amount of money left on the
table when pricing is left un-optimized.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ultimate Guide to B2B SaaS Pricing &
Packaging](https://www.news.aakashg.com/p/ultimate-guide-b2b-saas-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F5ca20dff-038c-45e6-bbcb-1f911dc270c7_1404x880.png)](https://www.news.aakashg.com/p/ultimate-guide-b2b-saas-pricing)

</div>

The pricing models of the top B2B SaaS companies, the strategies to
iterate on, case studies of successful changes, and everything else you
need to know

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why the worst users come from referral programs, free trials, coupons,
and](https://andrewchen.com/worst-users-referral-trials-coupons-gamification)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Monetization Editions \|
Techdirt](https://www.techdirt.com/edition/webmonetization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.techdirt.com/wp-content/themes/techdirt/assets/images/td-rect-logo-white.png)](https://www.techdirt.com/edition/webmonetization)

</div>

WM

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamic Pricing with Multi-Armed Bandit: Learning by
Doing!](https://towardsdatascience.com/dynamic-pricing-with-multi-armed-bandit-learning-by-doing-3e4550ed02ac)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*PtB_85QrbCPNJXXb)](https://towardsdatascience.com/dynamic-pricing-with-multi-armed-bandit-learning-by-doing-3e4550ed02ac)

</div>

Applying Reinforcement Learning strategies to real-world use cases,
especially in dynamic pricing, can reveal many surprises

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The secret economics of the Birkin
bag](https://businessday.ng/life-arts/article/the-secret-economics-of-the-birkin-bag)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.businessday.ng/2023/07/bag-1.png)](https://businessday.ng/life-arts/article/the-secret-economics-of-the-birkin-bag)

</div>

On a flight from Paris to London in 1983 Jane Birkin, an Anglo-French
chanteuse and actress, spilled the contents of her overstuffed straw...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Everything Must Be Paid for
Twice](https://www.raptitude.com/2022/01/everything-must-be-paid-for-twice)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.raptitude.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/claudia-rancourt-yEp5-D-JthU-unsplash.jpg)](https://www.raptitude.com/2022/01/everything-must-be-paid-for-twice)

</div>

One financial lesson they should teach in school is that most of the
things we buy have to be paid for twice. There’s the first price,
usually paid in dollars, just to gain possession of the desired thing,
whatever it is: a book, a budgeting app, a unicycle, a bundle of kale.
But then, in order to make use of

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail Price Optimization using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Retail-Price-Optimization-using-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I will walk you through the task of Retail Price
Optimization with Machine Learning using Python. Retail Price
Optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Does a Plastic-Wrapped Turkey Sandwich Cost \$15 at the Airport? -
Hell
Gate](https://hellgatenyc.com/why-is-airport-turkey-sandwich-expensive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hellgatenyc.com/content/images/size/w1200/wp-content/uploads/sites/43/2023/04/turkeysand.jpg)](https://hellgatenyc.com/why-is-airport-turkey-sandwich-expensive)

</div>

We filed a public records request, but the Port Authority is treating
airport pricing like a state secret.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Art and Science of Spending
Money](https://collabfund.com/blog/the-art-and-science-of-spending-money)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://api.urlbox.io/v1/sqyEJxrXaccBdLeR/4ad4a3965917d9567aa6b73240f0c5531f1f712a2ebaaeec08259e4b73c145ec/png?width=1200&height=630&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.collabfund.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-art-and-science-of-spending-money%2F%3Fcovershot)](https://collabfund.com/blog/the-art-and-science-of-spending-money)

</div>

Former General Electric CEO Jack Welch once nearly died of a heart
attack.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Here’s How Tool Companies Charge Vastly Different Prices for the Same
Tools](https://www.thedrive.com/guides-and-gear/tool-manufacturer-rebrand-badge-engineering)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.thedrive.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/28/Tools-.jpg)](https://www.thedrive.com/guides-and-gear/tool-manufacturer-rebrand-badge-engineering)

</div>

Sometimes there is a replacement for name brand tools. Knowing who makes
what is the best way to save big when building your tool collection.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Telfar’s Dynamic Pricing Model Offers a New Way to Gauge Luxury Item
Demand](https://retailwire.com/discussion/telfars-dynamic-pricing-model-offers-a-new-way-to-gauge-luxury-item-demand)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/3583A50D-13E1-4359-BDB2-0280FE83105C.png)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/telfars-dynamic-pricing-model-offers-a-new-way-to-gauge-luxury-item-demand)

</div>

Telfar has introduced a “Live Price” pricing model based on customer
demand.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Shoppers say secondhand stores like Goodwill are getting too expensive
as
G](https://www.businessinsider.com/shoppers-say-goodwill-salvation-army-pricey-as-thrifting-becomes-cool-2023-3#post-headline)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.insider.com/5ffdce36c8408b0019bd414a?width=1200&format=jpeg)](https://www.businessinsider.com/shoppers-say-goodwill-salvation-army-pricey-as-thrifting-becomes-cool-2023-3#post-headline)

</div>

The US thrift market has grown substantially in recent years as
thrifting has become a popular pursuit of Gen Z shoppers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How One Guy’s Car Blog Became a \$1 Billion
Marketplace](https://www.wsj.com/articles/bring-a-trailer-car-auctions-randy-nonnenberg-fa23e131?mod=djemalertNEWS)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.wsj.net/im-738778/social)](https://www.wsj.com/articles/bring-a-trailer-car-auctions-randy-nonnenberg-fa23e131?mod=djemalertNEWS)

</div>

It’s a place for obsessives to buy, sell and geek out over classic cars.
The company pops open its hood after 100,000 auctions to explain why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why so many people undercharge for their
work](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-so-many-people-undercharge-for-their-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.vox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22920706/GettyImages_939129556.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C10.593838241788%2C100%2C78.812323516425&w=1200)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-so-many-people-undercharge-for-their-work)

</div>

Setting a rate can be a minefield for folks navigating an industry
alone.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Product Managers Need To Know About The 0.99
Trick](https://theaccidentalpm.com/sales-2/what-product-managers-need-to-know-about-the-0-99-trick)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AMD is 'Undershipping' Chips To Keep CPU, GPU Prices
Elevated](https://hardware.slashdot.org/story/23/02/01/1749236/amd-is-undershipping-chips-to-keep-cpu-gpu-prices-elevated)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Alchian-Allen
Effect](https://www.thediff.co/r/508812f8?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://beehiiv-images-production.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/asset/file/fbccd5e2-30f3-419c-b235-e78f29d6049b/Screen_Shot_2023-01-20_at_11.40.29_AM.png?t=1674234421)](https://www.thediff.co/r/508812f8?m=5ba63d9b-6620-4051-8686-515cd8a8f374)

</div>

How it explains cheap luxuries, strong pricing power, and good careers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Who Sets the
Prices?](https://tedium.co/2022/08/05/manufacturers-suggested-retail-price-msrp-history)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.tedium.co/uploads/tedium080522.gif)](https://tedium.co/2022/08/05/manufacturers-suggested-retail-price-msrp-history)

</div>

The legal decision that fostered the idea of the manufacturer’s
suggested retail price, and why it still sticks around even though that
decision was overturned.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[?‍? Why billing systems are a nightmare for
engineers](https://dev.to/lago/why-billing-systems-are-a-nightmare-for-engineers-45j3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fo4cpuwckfwonrkykpoys.png)](https://dev.to/lago/why-billing-systems-are-a-nightmare-for-engineers-45j3)

</div>

This article was initially published on Lago's blog, an open-source
billing API, and was ranked \#1 on...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Flaws of Cost-plus Pricing - Practical
Ecommerce](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/3-flaws-of-cost-plus-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/3-Flaws-of-Cost-plus-Pricing.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/3-flaws-of-cost-plus-pricing)

</div>

Cost-plus pricing on the surface seems straightforward. But then market
forces intervene.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DigiTimes: TSMC 3nm wafer price breaks \$20,000. Expect price increase
for iPhone 15,
GPU,...](https://twitter.com/chiakokhua/status/1594877003584663552/photo/1)

</div>

— RetiredEngineer® (@chiakokhua)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TSMC Might Cut 3nm Prices to Lure AMD,
Nvidia](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/tsmc-might-cut-3nm-prices-to-lure-amd-nvidia)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/iiBPT3tVuXkSdD4xCKSR9m-1200-80.png)](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/tsmc-might-cut-3nm-prices-to-lure-amd-nvidia)

</div>

Industry sources say TSMC is considering lowering 3nm prices to
stimulate interest from chip designers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TSMC’s Wafer Prices Revealed: 300mm Wafer at 5nm Is Nearly \$17,000 \|
Tom's](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/tsmcs-wafer-prices-revealed-300mm-wafer-at-5nm-is-nearly-dollar17000)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/BueuEFFESMHpkrbvGQapCU-1200-80.jpg)](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/tsmcs-wafer-prices-revealed-300mm-wafer-at-5nm-is-nearly-dollar17000)

</div>

High performance and high transistor density come at a cost

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Lessons on Dynamic Pricing (Courtesy of Bruce
Springsteen)](https://hbr.org/2022/09/7-lessons-on-dynamic-pricing-courtesy-of-bruce-springsteen)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2022/09/Sep22_27_1405127524_Ubhjpv7q0Pk_bEEtTHwOU7k.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2022/09/7-lessons-on-dynamic-pricing-courtesy-of-bruce-springsteen)

</div>

Some fans were outraged when man-of-the-people Bruce Springsteen charged
more than \$5,000 per seat for his upcoming concert. The high prices
were the result of a dynamic pricing system, in which prices are
adjusted upward in response to strong demand. This controversy
illustrates seven lessons that managers should keep in mind when
adjusting prices, including the need for clear communications, longtime
customers’ expectation that they deserve a discount, and the fact that
high prices will raise expectations about quality and service.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamic Price Competition: Theory and Evidence from Airline
Markets](http://d.repec.org/n?r=&r=gth&u=RePEc:nbr:nberwo:30347)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Platform pricing strategies when consumers
web/showroom](http://d.repec.org/n?r=&r=gth&u=RePEc:pad:wpaper:0281)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Novel
Goods](http://d.repec.org/n?r=&r=gth&u=RePEc:arx:papers:2208.04985)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing at Lyft](https://eng.lyft.com/pricing-at-lyft-8a4022065f8b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*nHatri0ZY-YxqvVH)](https://eng.lyft.com/pricing-at-lyft-8a4022065f8b)

</div>

By Yanqiao Wang

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://pcpartpicker.com/trends/](https://pcpartpicker.com/trends)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Old-Fashioned Economic Tool Can Tame Pricing Algorithms - Scientific
Ame](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/an-old-fashioned-economic-tool-can-tame-pricing-algorithms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.scientificamerican.com/sciam/cache/file/878FE580-0FC7-44C3-9187DECCE2D7FA22_source.jpg?w=1200)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/an-old-fashioned-economic-tool-can-tame-pricing-algorithms)

</div>

Left unchecked, pricing algorithms might unintentionally discriminate
and collude to fix prices

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The value of not
flying](https://koenfucius.medium.com/the-value-of-not-flying-d0b641491c66)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*eSKNMwj8ImugGfH3_V4-dA.jpeg)](https://koenfucius.medium.com/the-value-of-not-flying-d0b641491c66)

</div>

Why might people decline an offer of up to \$10,000 just to keep their
feet on the ground?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/saasy-pricing-strategies)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing \|
Heavybit](http://www.heavybit.com/library/video/harrison-metals-michael-dearing-on-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/50q6fr1p/production/15011a61f0247ff792c3f201d2ce67bd548b719a-1850x700.jpg?auto=format)](http://www.heavybit.com/library/video/harrison-metals-michael-dearing-on-pricing)

</div>

Pricing is sometimes thought of as a math problem but to Harrison Metal
founder Michael Dearing, it’s a judgment problem. Says Dearing, “The
standard economic model of supply and demand is powerful for
understanding pricing, but it’s less useful when managing it. In this
talk, Dearing shows about how behavioural economics can modify the
standard model & provide simple tools to improve your pricing judgment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<http://www.neildavidson.com/downloads/dont-just-roll-the-dice-2.0.0.pdf>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Psychology Test: Shopping Guide Lifts Order Value
35%](http://www.marketingsherpa.com/article/case-study/shopping-guide-lifts-order-value)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://meclabs-images.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/site/cover_image/2/marketing_sherpa_logo.png)](http://www.marketingsherpa.com/article/case-study/shopping-guide-lifts-order-value)

</div>

Consumers are watching their spending, which means marketers must find
creative ways to appeal to cost-conscious buyers without hurting their
own bottom lines. One marketing team found a solution in the work of a
behavioral economist. Read how they adapted a psychological experiment
about the impact of arbitrary price benchmarks on a consumer’s spending
habits. They created a

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why We’re Dropping Freemium as a Business Model: Value vs. Cost - Blog
\|
evercontact](http://blog.evercontact.com/why-were-dropping-freemium-as-a-business-model-value-vs-cost)

</div>

This past week our Community / Growth Manager, Brad Patterson, spoke at
the European Cloud Expo in London on the topic Try Before You Buy –
Successes and Misgivings in the European Cloud Ecosystem.     Also
speaking were Jason Turner, director of Business development at Cedexis,
António Ferreira, CEO at Luna Cloud, Lee \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Price Shipping and Handling
Fees](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-to-price-shipping-and-handling-fees)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/071622-pet-rock-featured.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-to-price-shipping-and-handling-fees)

</div>

Today's consumers expect free shipping for most items. But it's not
always obvious for merchants to know when and how to offer it. Here's
our all-new update for analyzing shipping costs and free delivery.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Is Art Expensive? -
Priceonomics](https://priceonomics.com/why-is-art-expensive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://etzq49yfnmd.exactdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/800px-Graves_Art_Gallery_Sheffield.jpg?strip=all&lossy=1&ssl=1)](https://priceonomics.com/why-is-art-expensive)

</div>

How do you sell a six-figure painting? Branding and a heavily "curated"
marketplace.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing niche products: Why sell a mechanical keyboard kit for
\$1,668?](https://kevinlynagh.com/notes/pricing-niche-products)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 30 Elements of Consumer Value: A
Hierarchy](https://hbr.org/2016/09/the-elements-of-value)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2016/07/R1609C_CAM.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2016/09/the-elements-of-value)

</div>

What consumers truly value can be difficult to pin down and
psychologically complicated. But universal building blocks of value do
exist, creating opportunities for companies to improve their performance
in existing markets or break into new markets. In the right
combinations, the authors’ analysis shows, those elements will pay off
in stronger customer loyalty, greater consumer willingness to try a
particular brand, and sustained revenue growth. Three decades of
experience doing consumer research and observation for corporate clients
led the authors—all with Bain & Company—to identify 30 “elements of
value.” Their model traces its conceptual roots to Abraham Maslow’s
“hierarchy of needs” and extends his insights by focusing on people as
consumers: describing their behavior around products and services. They
arrange the elements in a pyramid according to four kinds of needs, with
“functional” at the bottom, followed by “emotional,” “life changing,”
and then “social impact” at the peak. The authors provide real-world
examples to demonstrate how companies have used the elements to grow
revenue, refine product design to better meet customers’ needs, identify
where customers perceive strengths and weaknesses, and cross-sell
services.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing psychology](https://jilt.com/blog/pricing-psychology)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Price Increase By Any Other
Name](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2014/09/21/price-increase-by-any-other-name-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2014/09/21/price-increase-by-any-other-name-2)

</div>

Increasing price is not easyIt requires careful review of customers you
want to serve, their needs and alternatives available to them.
Increasing price of an extremely popular product is even harde…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Perfect Pricing Part Deux — More money from fewer
sales](https://blog.asmartbear.com/higher-pricing.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.asmartbear.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/cartoon3220.png)](https://blog.asmartbear.com/higher-pricing.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Pricing Bots Could Form Cartels and Make Things More
Expensive](https://hbr.org/2016/10/how-pricing-bots-could-form-cartels-and-make-things-more-expensive)

</div>

Antitrust law will have to evolve to cope.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Strategy for
Creatives](https://alistapart.com/article/pricing-strategy-for-creatives)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/alistapart.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/ALA343_pricingstrat_300.png?fit=1200%2C567&ssl=1)](https://alistapart.com/article/pricing-strategy-for-creatives)

</div>

Strategic pricing helps your brand and helps you to make more money.
Issuing a price is like handing out a business card—it’s a great
branding tool, but be careful about what it says to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Netflix did pricing
right](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2014/05/11/how-netflix-did-pricing-right)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/20140226-161659.jpg)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2014/05/11/how-netflix-did-pricing-right)

</div>

Netflix rolled out its new pricing it had announced during its last
earnings call. A very simple, almost poetic, blog post in their
corporate blog explains the  new pricing. In fact the post is so …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Our Brain Determines if the Product is Worth the
Price](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/how-our-brain-determines-if-the-product-is-worth-the-price)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/hbswk_260.jpg)](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/how-our-brain-determines-if-the-product-is-worth-the-price)

</div>

Are consumers more likely to buy if they see the price before the
product, or vice versa? Uma Karmarkar and colleagues scan the brains of
shoppers to find out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pay What You Want: The Ultimate Sales
Strategy](https://medium.com/@tmorkes/pay-what-you-want-the-ultimate-sales-strategy-4030c63c5798#.1b5tcqee4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:700/1*RLpfQhcGiCLq2DmBQLZ1Rg.png)](https://medium.com/@tmorkes/pay-what-you-want-the-ultimate-sales-strategy-4030c63c5798#.1b5tcqee4)

</div>

How Letting People Choose Their Price Can Make You a Millionaire

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Pricing Primer](http://ericsink.com/bos/Product_Pricing.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Experiments You Might Not Know, But Can Learn
From](https://conversionxl.com/blog/pricing-experiments-you-might-not-know-but-can-learn-from)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cxl.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Pricing-experiments.png)](https://conversionxl.com/blog/pricing-experiments-you-might-not-know-but-can-learn-from)

</div>

Pricing is hard. Make it too low and you miss out on profit; too high
and you miss out on sales. These pricing experiments will help you get
it right.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/high-priced-digital-product)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Price Your Hardware
Product](http://marcbarros.com/how-to-price-your-hardware-product)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://marcbarros.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/pricetag.png)](http://marcbarros.com/how-to-price-your-hardware-product)

</div>

This post originally appeared on Hackthings.com So you have a hardware
product in the works? Before you can launch it, one of the most
important things you need to figure out is pricing. Unlike software, you
can’t AB test your pricing and change it for different customers, which
means your product has one price and …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Surprising Upside of Expensive Products That Don’t
Sell](https://hbr.org/2020/10/the-surprising-upside-of-expensive-products-that-dont-sell)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2020/09/Oct20_09_2838571.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2020/10/the-surprising-upside-of-expensive-products-that-dont-sell)

</div>

Many businesses are managing a sharp decline in sales during the ongoing
coronavirus crisis. An instinctive reaction may be to cut low-performing
products from their menu of offerings — but this isn’t always the best
way forward. The authors lay out a case for  adding an ultra-expensive
product to their portfolio. There are five reasons to do it: To increase
sales across other products; to communicate expertise; to convey
prestige; to garner publicity; and to move upmarket.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Store Brands Aren’t Just about
Price](https://hbr.org/2015/04/store-brands-arent-just-about-price)

</div>

Why stores like Trader Joe’s succeed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Risks of Changing Your Prices Too
Often](https://hbr.org/2015/07/the-risks-of-changing-your-prices-too-often)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2015/07/JUL15_06_559182257.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2015/07/the-risks-of-changing-your-prices-too-often)

</div>

Technology has made it easier, but strategic rules still apply.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How repositioning a product allows you to 8x its
price](https://blog.asmartbear.com/more-value-not-save-money.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longform.asmartbear.com/more-value-not-save-money/thumbnail-1200w.png)](https://blog.asmartbear.com/more-value-not-save-money.html)

</div>

You can charge much more than you think, if you reposition your
value-proposition. Here's how.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Price Unbundling Vs. Product
Unbundling](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2015/10/25/price-unbundling-vs-product-unbundling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/c09-products-daas-enrichment-segmentation.png?w=300)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2015/10/25/price-unbundling-vs-product-unbundling)

</div>

We are all too familiar with price unbundling. Remember the first time
Airlines charged for checkin bags? Or a restaurant charged for salad
dressing?  The simple recipe for price unbundling is to s…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Pricing Strategies Based on Research
Studies](http://sixrevisions.com/project-management/pricing-strategies-research)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.webfx.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/0311-01_pricing_tips_research_studies_thumbnail.jpg)](http://sixrevisions.com/project-management/pricing-strategies-research)

</div>

Explore a few tips on ways to improve the pricing of your services by
looking at a few research studies on people's buying behaviors.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ALERT!!](http://upstreamcommerce.com/blog/2013/01/08/5-valid-reasons-retailers-price-differentiate-geography)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flipkart.preprod1.openings.co/images/20220816164116_20220214151624_flipkart.png)](http://upstreamcommerce.com/blog/2013/01/08/5-valid-reasons-retailers-price-differentiate-geography)

</div>

New Job Opportunity

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The State of SaaS Pricing \[Infographic\] -
OpenView](http://labs.openviewpartners.com/state-of-saas-pricing#.WMn5syErJc8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/State-of-SaaS-Pricing-1.png)](http://labs.openviewpartners.com/state-of-saas-pricing#.WMn5syErJc8)

</div>

After surveying more than 1,000 software executives about their SaaS
pricing habits, we've uncovered some alarming gaps. View the results
here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Quick Guide to Value-Based
Pricing](https://hbr.org/2016/08/a-quick-guide-to-value-based-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/hbr_opengraph_940x490.png)](https://hbr.org/2016/08/a-quick-guide-to-value-based-pricing)

</div>

Reviewing how to calculate it and dispelling misconceptions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[If You Want to Raise Prices, Tell a Better
Story](https://hbr.org/2013/07/want-to-raise-prices-tell-a-be)

</div>

In a world of abundance, an authentic, meaning-rich story can drive a
company’s margins up.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/free-trial-is-over)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Artists Get Paid From
Streaming](https://pudding.cool/2022/06/streaming)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pudding.cool/2022/06/streaming/assets/social/facebook.jpg)](https://pudding.cool/2022/06/streaming)

</div>

We explain how your money gets from you to a streaming platform, and
finally to an artist.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Sell a \$300 Chocolate
Bar](https://api.atlasobscura.com/articles/expensive-chocolate-ecuador-toak)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/Clt2XV0YSiQkItb8lZvRq9ZWlVm_-pNoJ7UH3F74Ifs/rt:fit/w:600/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy9jNjIzMmUyNmY0/N2Y1MGUwYTVfVjE1/LUlDLTJZIGJpcmQn/cyBleWUgdmlldy5q/cGc.jpg)](https://api.atlasobscura.com/articles/expensive-chocolate-ecuador-toak)

</div>

Follow the wine playbook.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Pricing Resolutions for 2019 -
OpenView](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019#.XBwRGZ-YXPE)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Pricing-trends-2019.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019#.XBwRGZ-YXPE)

</div>

Pricing is a good place to make a few critical resolutions for
businesses. Learn the 5 resolutions as you shape your pricing strategy
for 2019.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[If Your Customers Don't Care What You Charge, What Should You
Charge?](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/when-your-customers-don-t-care-what-you-charge-what-should-you-charge)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.hbs.edu/Style%20Library/api/resize.aspx?imgpath=https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/mackay-gas_1280x720.jpg&w=1200&h=630)](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/when-your-customers-don-t-care-what-you-charge-what-should-you-charge)

</div>

Consumer inertia is the tendency of some customers to buy a product,
even when superior options exist. Alexander J. MacKay discusses how that
habit affects competitive strategy and even regulatory oversight.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There are 7 Types of Freemium and Why That
Matters...](http://sixteenventures.com/seven-types-of-freemium)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sixteenventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/There-are-7-Types-of-Freemium-and-Why-That-Matters.png)](http://sixteenventures.com/seven-types-of-freemium)

</div>

Freemium - especially in B2B SaaS - has evolved and there are now seven
distinct types of Freemium in the market.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Don't Leave Money on the Table with This Crash Course in
Pricing](http://firstround.com/review/Dont-Leave-Money-on-the-Table-with-this-Crash-Course-in-Pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://review.firstround.com/content/images/2056/firstround-2f0do1jk5lsl1gwkypyo54_1203955.jpg)](http://firstround.com/review/Dont-Leave-Money-on-the-Table-with-this-Crash-Course-in-Pricing)

</div>

Alex Rampell, CEO of TrialPay, explains how startups can be strategic
about pricing their products so they don't lose out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Rake Too Far: Optimal Platform Pricing
Strategy](http://abovethecrowd.com/2013/04/18/a-rake-too-far-optimal-platformpricing-strategy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149672686.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/rake-table-2.png)](http://abovethecrowd.com/2013/04/18/a-rake-too-far-optimal-platformpricing-strategy)

</div>

In a casino, the term “rake” refers to the commission that the house
earns for operating a poker game. With each hand, a small percentage of
the pot is scraped off by the dealer, which in essence becomes the
“revenue” for the casino. While casinos use the term “rake,” a plethora
of interesting word choices exist which all describe the same thing –
keeping a little bit of the revenue for the company that is running the
service. Examples include “commission,” “fee,” “toll,” “tax,” “vig” or
“vigorish,” “juice,” “the take”, and “graft” (although this last one is
typically associated with…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Steps to Break Out in a Tired
Industry](https://hbr.org/2015/05/3-steps-to-break-out-in-a-tired-industry)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2015/05/MAY15_01_480837297.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2015/05/3-steps-to-break-out-in-a-tired-industry)

</div>

Focus, eliminate, replace.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It’s OK to Move Down (Yes, Down) the Value
Chain](https://hbr.org/2015/06/its-ok-to-move-down-yes-down-the-value-chain)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/hbr_opengraph_940x490.png)](https://hbr.org/2015/06/its-ok-to-move-down-yes-down-the-value-chain)

</div>

There is increased efficiency and other benefits to doing so.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Most Effective Price Discovery Question for Your Startup by
@ttunguz](http://tomtunguz.com/price-discovery)

</div>

Pricing is one of the most challenging decisions for any startup. One of
the simplest ways of discovering customer willingness to pay is simply
to ask them. At first blush, that might seem a reasonable and effective
solution, it is prone to wild inaccuracy. Absolute pricing judgments are
hard without reference points. For example: How much would you be
willing to pay for a new iPhone? It’s a very challenging question to
answer in the abstract.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An eBook pricing model that resulted in \$100,000 in
sales](https://blog.asmartbear.com/selling-ebook.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.asmartbear.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/1-App-Design-Handbook.jpg)](https://blog.asmartbear.com/selling-ebook.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Deeper Look at Uber’s Dynamic Pricing
Model](http://abovethecrowd.com/2014/03/11/a-deeper-look-at-ubers-dynamic-pricing-model)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149672686.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/New-Logo-Vertical-Dark-150x150.jpg)](http://abovethecrowd.com/2014/03/11/a-deeper-look-at-ubers-dynamic-pricing-model)

</div>

Over the course of the past year, many writers have offered their
perspectives on Uber’s dynamic pricing strategy. Perhaps the only
consistency is that people have deeply passionate views on this topic.
However, there are still many misperceptions about how the model works,
and the purpose of this post is to clarify some of those misperceptions.
I am an Uber investor and board member, and therefore expect that many
will dismiss these thoughts as naked bias. But consider that as a result
of my role I have access to more information that might enable a deeper
perspective. I also have…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Secrets Of Freemium Pricing: Make The Cheapskates
Pay](http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/37737/Secrets-Of-Freemium-Pricing-Make-The-Cheapskates-Pay.aspx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.onstartups.com/hs-fs/hub/150/file-13149455-jpg/images/wallet-empty.jpg)](http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/37737/Secrets-Of-Freemium-Pricing-Make-The-Cheapskates-Pay.aspx)

</div>

The following is a guest post by Andy Singleton Andy is the founder and
CEO of Assembla a company that provides bug tracking and hosted GIT and
SVN

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Relearning the Art of Asking
Questions](https://hbr.org/2015/03/relearning-the-art-of-asking-questions)

</div>

Focus on the problem you’re trying to solve.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five dynamic pricing issues retailers should
consider](https://econsultancy.com/blog/61958-five-dynamic-pricing-issues-retailers-should-consider)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://econsultancy.imgix.net/content/uploads/2018/08/09110135/Econ_favicon_228.png)](https://econsultancy.com/blog/61958-five-dynamic-pricing-issues-retailers-should-consider)

</div>

From social media sentiment analysis to digital ad buying, faster is
increasingly seen as better, or at least necessary. So it’s no surprise
that the ability to generate lots of data and analyze it…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Increase SaaS Pricing (and Quickly Triple Your Growth) -
ExtendsLogic](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/what-i-learned-from-increasing-my-prices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.extendslogic.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/bidsketch_com-pricing-tables-300x201.png)](http://www.extendslogic.com/business/what-i-learned-from-increasing-my-prices)

</div>

Last month Bidsketch had the biggest increase in revenue it’s ever had.
Before that, the biggest increase in revenue came when FreshBooks
emailed a million people and mentioned Bidsketch as a new integration
for sales proposals. I got so many new sales notifications that day, I
thought someone had hacked my server. It was nuts.… Continue reading How
to Increase SaaS Pricing (and Quickly Triple Your Growth) →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Could This Be The End Of Hidden Ticket Charges For Concert
Tickets?](https://music3point0.com/2022/07/01/could-this-be-the-end-of-hidden-ticket-charges-for-concert-tickets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://music3point0.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Hidden-Ticket-Charges.jpg)](https://music3point0.com/2022/07/01/could-this-be-the-end-of-hidden-ticket-charges-for-concert-tickets)

</div>

Hidden ticket charges and more have been outlawed in New York State
thanks to new legislature that just passed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1980 Sears Spring Summer Catalog, Page 729 - Catalogs &
Wishbooks](https://christmas.musetechnical.com/ShowCatalogPage/1980-Sears-Spring-Summer-Catalog/0729)

</div>

1980 Sears Spring Summer Catalog, Page 729

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Sell High-priced (and High-quality)
Products](http://www.practicalecommerce.com/articles/134656-How-to-Sell-High-priced-and-High-quality-Products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/How-to-Sell-High-quality-and-Higher-priced-Products.jpg)](http://www.practicalecommerce.com/articles/134656-How-to-Sell-High-priced-and-High-quality-Products)

</div>

In the 1950s, most products were built to last. Companies knew that
manufacturing long-lasting products would spread word-of-mouth
referrals, which meant

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Strategies: 16 Articles You Need to
Read](https://conversionxl.com/pricing-strategies-13-articles-you-need-to-read)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cxl.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/pexels-photo-131616-e1596208138572.jpeg)](https://conversionxl.com/pricing-strategies-13-articles-you-need-to-read)

</div>

Pricing can be incredibly challenging to get right. Here are 16 articles
that can help you with your pricing strategy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Much Is Michael Bolton Worth to You? (Published
2013)](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/09/magazine/the-secret-science-of-scalping-tickets.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/misc/nyt_logo_t_oembed_880x586.png)](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/09/magazine/the-secret-science-of-scalping-tickets.html)

</div>

There’s a reason scalpers have confused economists for decades.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neil Patel's Digital Marketing
Blog](https://blog.kissmetrics.com/a-total-steal)

</div>

Your \#1 resource for digital marketing tips, trends, and strategy to
help you build a successful online business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Four Myths of
Bundling](https://coda.io/@shishir/four-myths-of-bundling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545785028-23ee5937cf69?crop=entropy&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEwNzMxMn0&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&fit=crop&ar=1.91%3A1&fm=jpg)](https://coda.io/@shishir/four-myths-of-bundling)

</div>

What everyone tends to get wrong about bundling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neuro-Menus and Restaurant
Psychology](http://www.neurosciencemarketing.com/blog/articles/neuro-menus-and-restaurant-psychology.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.neurosciencemarketing.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/menu.jpg)](http://www.neurosciencemarketing.com/blog/articles/neuro-menus-and-restaurant-psychology.htm)

</div>

Restaurants are great test labs for testing neuromarketing techniques.
It's easy to change offerings, menus, and pricing, and one gets
immediate feedback on what's working and what's not. Today, many
eateries are employing sophisticated menu psychology to maximize sales
and profits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Busting Six Myths About Customer Loyalty
Programs](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/busting-six-myths-about-customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/hbswk_260.jpg)](http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/busting-six-myths-about-customer-loyalty-programs)

</div>

Low-margin retailers argue they can't afford customer loyalty programs,
but is that true? Rajiv Lal and Marcel Corstjens make the case that such
programs are profit-enhancing differentiators.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Questions to Consider When Pricing Smart
Products](https://hbr.org/2019/07/5-questions-to-consider-when-pricing-smart-products)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2019/06/Jul19_04_526936544.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2019/07/5-questions-to-consider-when-pricing-smart-products)

</div>

The revenue model is one of the most important elements of a firm’s
strategy. It defines the ways in which a firm gets compensated for the
value that its products or services generate. In the old days, revenue
models primarily consisted of picking a “good” price. Connected, smart
devices are changing this paradigm. To think systematically about
revenue models and to spot opportunities for improvement, consider: what
is paid for, when the payment is made, who is paying, why the customers
are paying, and what currency the customer is paying with.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How do you put a price on your source
code?](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/09/how-do-you-put-a-price-on-your-source-code)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/arstechnica-20130927-rough01.jpg)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/09/how-do-you-put-a-price-on-your-source-code)

</div>

Selling software isn’t like selling cars or real estate. Don’t sell
yourself short.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Price Bundling in
Couponing](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/12/07/price-bundling-in-couponing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ba7DOkFCcAA4hz-.jpg:large)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/12/07/price-bundling-in-couponing)

</div>

Take a look at these two coupons Target stores printed out at checkout
at the same time. What is your take on the reasoning behind this? If you
have the read the famous Target Big Data story about …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pro sport team sales are driven by the law of
scarcity](https://www.axios.com/2022/06/25/pro-sport-team-values-go-up)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.axios.com/6td7Ic6lmxHHn-PFUTE4Har8XY8=/0x0:1920x1080/1366x768/2022/06/25/1656164407666.jpg)](https://www.axios.com/2022/06/25/pro-sport-team-values-go-up)

</div>

This is a luxury toy collection at a level above yachts or private
islands.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[We raised prices to preserve our business
model](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/11/21/we-raised-prices-to-preserve-our-business-model)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.thedrybar.com/images/blog/NewPrice.jpg)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/11/21/we-raised-prices-to-preserve-our-business-model)

</div>

This quote comes to us from Ms. Allie Webb, the Founder and CEO of
Drybar a blow dry only salon. A blow dry salon is not like any hair
salon. It offers, just as name indicates, blow dry and styling…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The most beautiful price
fence](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/10/27/the-most-beautiful-price-fence)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d7/Fence_a3.jpg/300px-Fence_a3.jpg?fit=440%2C330)](https://iterativepath.wordpress.com/2013/10/27/the-most-beautiful-price-fence)

</div>

Fences are never beautiful. May be the picket fences are. But when
designed to keep two sides from moving easily from one side to the other
they are not usually described as beautiful. Price fences…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Perfect Pricing got me 1500 Sales in 2
Days](https://blog.asmartbear.com/perfect-pricing.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.asmartbear.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/cartoon4019.png)](https://blog.asmartbear.com/perfect-pricing.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: How do you set prices? \| Hacker
News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13840282)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Risk Discounts and Usage-Based Pricing -
OpenView](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/pricing-risk-discounts#.YJFPmCZOmo4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/risk-discount.jpg)](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/pricing-risk-discounts#.YJFPmCZOmo4)

</div>

You’re probably not aware of it, but the price of your product includes
a risk discount.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Dollar-Store Economy (Published
2011)](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/08/21/magazine/the-dollar-store-economy.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/misc/nyt_logo_t_oembed_880x586.png)](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/08/21/magazine/the-dollar-store-economy.html)

</div>

The ubiquitous dollar store is the American dream writ small.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://thestack.com/world/2015/04/17/netflix-to-set-prices-according-to-local-piracy-levels/](https://thestack.com/world/2015/04/17/netflix-to-set-prices-according-to-local-piracy-levels)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The unpredictable economics of pawn
shops](https://thehustle.co/the-unpredictable-economics-of-pawn-shops)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://20627419.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/20627419/Daily%20Newsletter%20Images/Aug_11_2024/pawn_shop_retail.gif)](https://thehustle.co/the-unpredictable-economics-of-pawn-shops)

</div>

Take the same item to 4 different pawn shops and you might get offers
that vary by hundreds of dollars. Here’s why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SeatGeek will calculate how much that ticket is worth \|
TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2016/07/18/seatgeek-value-your-ticket?ncid=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/gettyimages-602982753.jpg?resize=1200,801)](https://techcrunch.com/2016/07/18/seatgeek-value-your-ticket?ncid=rss)

</div>

Have you ever bought sweet tickets for a ballgame, a concert or some
other live event, only to find out that you couldn't make it? The
internet certainly

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Freemium
Fails](https://www.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10000872396390443713704577603782317318996)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/MK-BW677_SBFREE_F_20120822181714.jpg)](https://www.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10000872396390443713704577603782317318996)

</div>

A growing number of new businesses are following in the footsteps of
successful companies such as Dropbox and Skype, by giving away their
products and services free to build a customer base. But for some, that
'freemium' strategy is turning out to be costly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It Costs \$2.50 to Make Lipstick — Here’s Why You’re Charged So Much
More](https://www.racked.com/2018/5/30/17392668/beauty-product-pricing-stowaway-cosmetics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/9vgQa16V656eqHQBVVH6VZBp1CE=/0x131:1298x811/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/11420507/Stowaway_Overnight_Set___7_piece_set__bag_spill_1298x941__8_.jpg)](https://www.racked.com/2018/5/30/17392668/beauty-product-pricing-stowaway-cosmetics)

</div>

This is not a matter of "you get what you pay for."

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Design Products For People Making \$2 A Day - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcoexist.com/1681362/how-to-design-products-for-people-making-2-a-day)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/fc/1681362-poster-1280-proximity-pump-1.jpg)](https://www.fastcoexist.com/1681362/how-to-design-products-for-people-making-2-a-day)

</div>

Proximity Designs is a for-profit design company whose goal is to create
products cheap enough--and good enough--that they can be bought by poor
farmers, instead of just giving them aid.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What are value metrics? How value metrics optimize
pricing](https://www.priceintelligently.com/blog/bid/195287/the-value-metric-optimize-your-pricing-strategy-for-high-growth)

</div>

See why evaluating your value metric and aligning it with your pricing
strategy is the key to optimizing your SaaS business for profits and
growth.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[21 Examples of Pricing Pages in Web
Design](https://webdesignledger.com/21-examples-of-pricing-pages-in-web-design)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/8eb9ee80d39f13cbbad56da88ef3a6ee?rating=PG&size=75)](https://webdesignledger.com/21-examples-of-pricing-pages-in-web-design)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.fastcompany.com/3000999/takeaway/what-dead-squirrel-taught-me-about-value-pricing>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You’re Never Really Happy With the Things You Buy
Anymore](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-you-re-never-really-happy-with-the-things-you-buy-anymore)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fpocket-syndicated-images%2Farticles%2F3345%2F1582045587_GUR66LXZ5T77CHCPZRUCXU4WIE.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-you-re-never-really-happy-with-the-things-you-buy-anymore)

</div>

Constant bargain hunting makes us value all the wrong things about
shopping.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Your
Product](https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/pricing-your-product)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Engineering of the Chain Restaurant
Menu](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/03/the-engineering-of-the-chain-restaurant-menu/284371)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/thumbor/PyvJ57QF8HQVkw4O8Yv0cVWPSAI=/0x994:2448x2269/1200x625/media/img/mt/2014/03/IMG_1535/original.jpg)](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/03/the-engineering-of-the-chain-restaurant-menu/284371)

</div>

At IHOP and Applebee's, menus are sales documents. And navigational
guides. And explainers. 

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.fastcompany.com/3026550/lessons-learned/how-airbnb-solved-the-mystery-of-predictive-pricing>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Pricing Model That Increased Our Free Trial Signups by 358% (and
Revenue by 25%)](https://www.groovehq.com/blog/pricing-that-worked)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.groovehq.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/pricing-that-worked.jpeg)](https://www.groovehq.com/blog/pricing-that-worked)

</div>

We thought we were being smart with innovative pricing models. We were
wrong, but we finally righted the ship.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing on Purpose
(Summary)](https://www.overdrive.com/media/3181835/pricing-on-purpose-summary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img1.od-cdn.com/ImageType-400/7427-1/D04/352/69/%7BD0435269-ABA9-4793-81B6-1E5D2E9679D9%7DImg400.jpg)](https://www.overdrive.com/media/3181835/pricing-on-purpose-summary)

</div>

getAbstract Summary: Get the key points from this book in less than 10
minutes.Ronald J. Baker makes a sound economic case that the traditional
method of generating prices by calculating costs and figuring in an
acceptable profit is outdated and u...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing Psychology: A List of
Tactics](https://www.nickkolenda.com/psychological-pricing-strategies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/sm4pjcjvw1eb/3AMJc3hMK0DXH3vTSMBTtB/000708ce3050eca29f69b8bba01bc7cf/Pricing-Guide-min.png)](https://www.nickkolenda.com/psychological-pricing-strategies)

</div>

Free Online Guide - Which digits to choose? How high should it be?
Should it be rounded or precise? Plus other techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AWS Data Transfer Costs: Solving Hidden Network Transfer
Costs](https://cloud.netapp.com/blog/aws-cvo-blg-aws-data-transfer-costs-solving-hidden-network-transfer-costs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bluexp.netapp.com/hubfs/Small%20Image-AWS%20Data%20Transfer%20Pricing_%20Hidden%20Network%20Transfer%20Costs%20and%20What%20to%20Do%20About%20Them-1932x966.png)](https://cloud.netapp.com/blog/aws-cvo-blg-aws-data-transfer-costs-solving-hidden-network-transfer-costs)

</div>

Hidden AWS data transfer costs can lead to higher than expected cloud
service bills. This post will help track hidden fees and show you how to
control them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Welfare Effects of Dynamic Pricing: Evidence From Airline Markets -
Wil](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.3982/ECTA16180)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/cms/asset/7e16ecff-23df-41da-93a4-6339f73a56df/ecta.2022.90.issue-2.x.cover.jpg?trick=1729016546334)](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.3982/ECTA16180)

</div>

Airfares fluctuate due to demand shocks and intertemporal variation in
willingness to pay. I estimate a model of dynamic airline pricing
accounting for both sources of price adjustments using flight-...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://limedaring.com/articles/how-i-run-a-marketplace-with-eleven-different-properties-and-5000-vendors/](http://limedaring.com/articles/how-i-run-a-marketplace-with-eleven-different-properties-and-5000-vendors)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implementing Usage-Based Pricing: What Your Financial Teams Need to
Know](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/implementing-usage-based-pricing-what-your-financial-teams-need-to-know)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Copy-of-Untitled-8.png)](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/implementing-usage-based-pricing-what-your-financial-teams-need-to-know)

</div>

I joined Datadog as VP Finance back in 2015 when the company was still
very small. Back then, the company had about 100 employees, was making
around \$20

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This Is Peak
Subscription](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/03/why-subscriptions-are-hard-to-cancel/623885)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/thumbor/Xt7yQP1638wXdqO20KltjzFBvqk=/0x51:2396x1299/1200x625/media/img/mt/2022/03/image_24/original.png)](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/03/why-subscriptions-are-hard-to-cancel/623885)

</div>

Forking over another \$5 a month is getting pretty old.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tearing Down the Pricing of Dollar Shave Club and
Gillette](https://www.priceintelligently.com/blog/dollar-shave-club-gillette-pricing)

</div>

This week we teardown the pricing of Dollar Shave Club and Gillette.
Will Dollar Shave Club win out by taking over the bathroom, or can
Gillette fight back with over 100 years of brand awareness? We find out
in this week's Pricing Page Teardown.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Artists Use Psychology to Price a
Painting](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201808/how-artists-use-psychology-price-painting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn2.psychologytoday.com/assets/styles/manual_crop_1_91_1_1528x800/public/field_blog_entry_teaser_image/2018-08/negative-space-woman-artist-painting-studio-office-bruce-mars_negative_space.jpg?itok=iNWh9igS)](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201808/how-artists-use-psychology-price-painting)

</div>

Driven by buyers' need for consistency and explanation, the most popular
pricing method uses a surprisingly simple formula based on size.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Wild, Wonderful World of Estate
Sales](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/on-and-off-the-avenue/the-wild-wonderful-world-of-estate-sales)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/61d75b4bcd3f597e880b05c3/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/Feidelson-Estate-Sales-Lead.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/on-and-off-the-avenue/the-wild-wonderful-world-of-estate-sales)

</div>

The estate-sale industry is fragile and persistent in a way that doesn’t
square with the story of the world as we have come to expect it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Behavioral Economics of
Price-Setting](https://www.behavioraleconomics.com/the-behavioral-economics-of-price-setting)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.behavioraleconomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/price.jpg)](https://www.behavioraleconomics.com/the-behavioral-economics-of-price-setting)

</div>

Prospect theory proposes that when making decisions people use a
reference point to frame prospective alternative outcomes as either
potential gains or losses; when considering prospective gains, they are
risk-averse and prefer certainty, but when considering prospective
losses, they are risk-prone and prefer to risk the possibility of larger
but uncertain losses. However, when setting

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There’s Still Profit Potential in Your Low-Profit
Customers](https://hbr.org/2021/11/theres-still-profit-potential-in-your-low-profit-customers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2021/11/Nov21_09_4084979.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2021/11/theres-still-profit-potential-in-your-low-profit-customers)

</div>

Profit desert customers — small, low-profit customers often numbering in
the tens of thousands — are an important business segment in most
companies. They often amount to about 50–80% of customers and consume
about 40–60% of the company’s costs. In some companies, they’re assigned
to territory reps as low-revenue “C” accounts, which distracts the reps
from selling more lucrative business. In all companies, they create
costly complexity in functions ranging from order-taking to fulfilment
to after-sales service and returns because these customers are numerous
and often inexperienced. The best way to manage your profit desert
customers is to cluster them under a unified management structure — a
profit desert customer team — rather than having them scattered in sales
reps’ portfolios throughout the company. This team should be composed of
specialized sales and marketing managers who are solely focused on this
customer segment. The author presents three steps these managers should
take to bring latent profits to the bottom line.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Charging for Plastic Bags Makes People Give Them
Up](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/why-charging-plastic-bags-makes-people-give-them-180953315?fbclid=IwAR2hByfVGgKjyDR5HGoWxVfUuhsrAZ2t3xZKwsoINwgK-49HGthPpfLI-bA)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://th-thumbnailer.cdn-si-edu.com/eWjvn487j1NzvllRmSxucbhkdl4=/fit-in/1600x0/https://tf-cmsv2-smithsonianmag-media.s3.amazonaws.com/filer/c8/45/c845b8ef-d97f-413f-bee2-2170458a5a2a/plastic.jpg)](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/why-charging-plastic-bags-makes-people-give-them-180953315?fbclid=IwAR2hByfVGgKjyDR5HGoWxVfUuhsrAZ2t3xZKwsoINwgK-49HGthPpfLI-bA)

</div>

It's all about setting up psychological tripping blocks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Are People Getting Worse at “The Price Is
Right”?](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-are-people-getting-worse-at-the-price-is-right)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fcms.qz.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F11%2FAP_090325036813-e1572642223913.jpg%3Fquality%3D75%26strip%3Dall%26w%3D2200%26h%3D1238)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-are-people-getting-worse-at-the-price-is-right)

</div>

The typical guess is much worse today than it was in the 1970s. It could
be because people don't really need to keep track of prices anymore.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Science Says](https://tips.ariyh.com/archive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.beehiiv.com/cdn-cgi/image/fit=scale-down,format=auto,onerror=redirect,quality=80/uploads/publication/thumbnail/d7c83b78-7f5a-4768-a6de-01ec0ce561e6/landscape_Website_preview_image.png)](https://tips.ariyh.com/archive)

</div>

3-min marketing recommendations from the latest scientific research.
Join 30,000+ marketers, for \$0.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SaaS for component pricing: Q&A with Lytica chairman Ken
Bradley](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20210326PD213.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitimes.com/newsshow/20210326pd213_files/2_b.jpg)](https://www.digitimes.com/news/a20210326PD213.html)

</div>

How much should one pay for a chip or a component? Lytica, a Canadian
supply-chain pricing analytics company, has the answer. Founded by
former Nortel chief procurement officer Ken Bradley, who, like many
others in the IT industry, was once bemused by component pricing, Lytica
is transforming itself into a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company,
helping OEM and EMS make well-informed deals when buying or selling.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When should you kill a product? 4 lessons from GitLab’s subscription
change](https://thenextweb.com/growth-quarters/2021/03/15/kill-saas-product-gitlab-subscription)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2021%2F03%2Fgitlab-logo-gq.png&signature=1e3cdd74cb217a9ffaf83ca236cbbecb)](https://thenextweb.com/growth-quarters/2021/03/15/kill-saas-product-gitlab-subscription)

</div>

Earlier this year, GitLab got rid of a paid starter offering, trimming
its product catalog from 4 subscription tiers to 3 — here's why it makes
sense.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How a 10-second video clip sold for \$6.6 million \|
Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/retail-trading-nfts/insight-how-a-10-second-video-clip-sold-for-6-6-million-idUKL8N2KV6X9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.reuters.com/resizer/v2/https%3A%2F%2Fcloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com%2Freuters%2F7VUWS4FZANPRTBHQ6I5LOGPXWE.jpg?auth=d06a394a37910924161a2c53dc55549a89b16df26e4e1e3e274b16a53d7c5a6e&height=1005&width=1920&quality=80&smart=true)](https://www.reuters.com/article/retail-trading-nfts/insight-how-a-10-second-video-clip-sold-for-6-6-million-idUKL8N2KV6X9)

</div>

In October 2020, Miami-based art collector Pablo Rodriguez-Fraile spent
almost \$67,000 on a 10-second video artwork that he could have watched
for free online. Last week, he sold it for \$6.6 million.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sneakerheads have turned Jordans and Yeezys into an asset
class](https://www.bloomberg.com/features/2021-sneaker-investment)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/izNH.aPDjD7M/v0/-1x-1.jpg)](https://www.bloomberg.com/features/2021-sneaker-investment)

</div>

When the pandemic presented a buy-low opportunity, one college dropout
hit the road and filled his truck with \$200,000 worth of kicks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Buyer beware: Massive experiment shows why ticket sellers hit you with
last-second fees \| Haas News \| Berkeley
Haas](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/research/buyer-beware-massive-experiment-shows-why-ticket-sellers-hit-you-with-hidden-fees-drip-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/StubHub_AP-image.jpg)](https://newsroom.haas.berkeley.edu/research/buyer-beware-massive-experiment-shows-why-ticket-sellers-hit-you-with-hidden-fees-drip-pricing)

</div>

There’s a reason that online ticket sellers hit you with those extra
fees after you’ve picked your seats and are ready to click “buy.” Pure
profit. A

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Veblen good - Wikiwand](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Veblen_good)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e2/SC06_2006_Rolls-Royce_Phantom.jpg/320px-SC06_2006_Rolls-Royce_Phantom.jpg)](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Veblen_good)

</div>

A Veblen good is a type of luxury good, named after American economist
Thorstein Veblen, for which the demand increases as the price increases,
in apparent cont...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[It's going to cost four
figures](https://raccoon.onyxbits.de/blog/software-development-cost)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raccoon.onyxbits.de/img/thumbnail.png)](https://raccoon.onyxbits.de/blog/software-development-cost)

</div>

Let's talk about pricing commissioned work (on existing open source
projects). Or: things I learned the hard way from past mistakes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: Is “contact us for pricing” a dark pattern? \| Hacker
News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26144706)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker
News](https://www.drugchannels.net/2020/08/how-goodrx-profits-from-our-broken.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiRzBG4XHOQKb4MrLxs5RuY_K4niixOEkRmIu8b-FGLa4vWPiMFw2DiwDg9UX4jowgSmKbDfNTslVnsWxpfiJA9HB-aoVL5JyYxAMsM4KTTuIYLRdOifUsflvxpb1UFH1YD4P10WA/s320/GoodRx-NT3.jpg)](https://www.drugchannels.net/2020/08/how-goodrx-profits-from-our-broken.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How A Retail Chain Without A Website Powered Through The
Pandemic](https://www.npr.org/2021/02/17/968666255/how-a-retail-chain-without-a-website-powered-through-the-pandemic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2021/02/17/gettyimages-1252249653_wide-5d6b13d7533ba741eee3b5d98aec4b536acc8390.jpg?s=1400&c=100&f=jpeg)](https://www.npr.org/2021/02/17/968666255/how-a-retail-chain-without-a-website-powered-through-the-pandemic)

</div>

Burlington shut down online sales in March right before coronavirus
lockdowns. But it's among the discount retailers that have endured the
pandemic surprisingly well, even opening new stores.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Auction Catalogue Symbols,
Decoded](https://www.artsy.net/article/artsy-editorial-auction-catalogue-symbols-decoded)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d7hftxdivxxvm.cloudfront.net/?height=630&quality=80&resize_to=fill&src=https%3A%2F%2Fartsy-media-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fa2XsIKD7teTc9HXHrV5i_A%252F800a.jpg&width=1200)](https://www.artsy.net/article/artsy-editorial-auction-catalogue-symbols-decoded)

</div>

Collectors fluent in catalogue symbology can see which lots are locked
in, which might lead to surprising results, and how an entire auction is
likely to go.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The art and science of SaaS pricing: True usage-based
pricing](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/09/the-art-and-science-of-saas-pricing-true-usage-based-pricing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/usage.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/09/the-art-and-science-of-saas-pricing-true-usage-based-pricing)

</div>

Usage-based pricing can be incredibly powerful, particularly in cases
where the SaaS solution handles the flow of money.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The art and science of SaaS pricing: Finding the right model
fit](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/09/the-art-and-science-of-saas-pricing-finding-the-right-model-fit)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/pricing-1-e1635876555154.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/09/the-art-and-science-of-saas-pricing-finding-the-right-model-fit)

</div>

Part 1 in this 3-part series: Find the pricing model that fits with your
particular options for expansion once you've made that first sale.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How grading agencies drove the trading card
boom](https://www.axios.com/grading-agencies-sports-trading-cards-bfc2ff2f-2981-4f04-bbb1-d400906160d1.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.axios.com/fLz5WRavxBFhqIJ0Q4ztrPtUL7E=/0x53:2000x1178/1366x768/2020/09/03/1599136648710.jpg)](https://www.axios.com/grading-agencies-sports-trading-cards-bfc2ff2f-2981-4f04-bbb1-d400906160d1.html)

</div>

They standardized value, which helped collectors to get a sense of the
market.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mark Stiving on Value Based Pricing and Price
Segmentation](https://www.skmurphy.com/blog/2020/08/27/mark-stiving-on-value-based-pricing-and-price-segmentation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.skmurphy.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/MarkStivingLeanCulture200826.jpeg)](https://www.skmurphy.com/blog/2020/08/27/mark-stiving-on-value-based-pricing-and-price-segmentation)

</div>

Video and slides from Mark Stiving's talk on value based pricing and
price segmentation at the Aug-26-2020 Lean Culture Online event.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A guide to platform
fees](https://www.theverge.com/21445923/platform-fees-apps-games-business-marketplace-apple-google)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/41YM0zj8J9tOulEtl6E19EMqLDY=/0x0:2040x1360/1200x628/filters:focal(1020x680:1021x681)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22781388/VRG_ILLO_4687_A_guide_to_platform_fees.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/21445923/platform-fees-apps-games-business-marketplace-apple-google)

</div>

Platforms can build a business, but the businesses have to pay.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Auction Prices That Take Your Breath
Away](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/14/arts/auctions-high-prices.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2020/09/15/multimedia/15sp-big-inyt1/15sp-big-inyt1-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2020&h=683&w=1024&s=8f5a2d8d9c930ac3868d76562a3e40f536c52fb4b7b5353a0e9f0240276edc6d&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/14/arts/auctions-high-prices.html)

</div>

Prices for works by some relatively new artists have skyrocketed,
seemingly overnight.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How I learned to charge my
customers](https://idiallo.com/blog/how-much-do-you-charge-for-your-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://cdn.idiallo.com/images/assets/390/thumb.jpg)](https://idiallo.com/blog/how-much-do-you-charge-for-your-work)

</div>

After I completed my first programming class, I went straight to
Craigslist. I advertised my programming services. I called myself an
experienced programmer who could code anything. I posted a link to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing with 4 & 9 Scientific
Strategies](https://towardsdatascience.com/pricing-with-4-9-scientific-strategies-d8c0d19e7e47?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sunday Strategist: Why So Many Things Cost Exactly
Zero](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-01-12/sunday-strategist-why-so-many-things-cost-exactly-zero)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iuhkUYGPkDHk/v0/1200x809.jpg)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-01-12/sunday-strategist-why-so-many-things-cost-exactly-zero)

</div>

Breaking down the boldest bets in business

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A 2020 guide to smart
discounting](https://www.retaildive.com/news/a-2020-guide-to-smart-discounting/569135)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/3bQhLoYbnxw3VZJhyLxOHnsdBA_5iot29Tg-qdVheuE/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL0dldHR5SW1hZ2VzLTUwMjQ3NzEzMi5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/a-2020-guide-to-smart-discounting/569135)

</div>

Polly Wong, managing partner at Belardi Wong, offers tips for crafting
customer offers while avoiding discount fatigue and harm to the bottom
line.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing algorithms can learn to collude with each other to raise
prices](https://www.technologyreview.com/f/612947/pricing-algorithms-can-learn-to-collude-with-each-other-to-raise-prices)

</div>

If you shop on Amazon, an algorithm rather than a human probably set the
price of the service or item you bought. Pricing algorithms have become
ubiquitous in online retail as automated systems have grown increasingly
affordable and easy to implement. But while companies like airlines and
hotels have long used machines to set their…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pricing experiments and how they can help you increase revenue :
ProductMan](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProductManagement/comments/dvzg5b/pricing_experiments_and_how_they_can_help_you)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/dvzg5b)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProductManagement/comments/dvzg5b/pricing_experiments_and_how_they_can_help_you)

</div>

Classical economics is built on the assumption that people act
rationally, which means their decisions are aimed at maximizing their
benefits. This…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The falling price of a TV set is the story of the American economy \|
The
Ou](https://theoutline.com/post/8421/smart-tv-cheap-roku?zd=1&zi=vogkjgxh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://outline-prod.imgix.net/20191212-9OuLOfxNHDNwNIhrDOFm?auto=format&q=60&w=1280&s=bb7dff31ac717416f5f20c1c581e69f3)](https://theoutline.com/post/8421/smart-tv-cheap-roku?zd=1&zi=vogkjgxh)

</div>

A 50-inch TV for \$300 comes with some trade-offs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Changing Your Pricing Model: How Hired Went from a Transactional to a
Subsc](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/changing-your-pricing-model-how-hired-went-from-a-transactional-to-a-subscription-model)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Impact-of-pricing-changes.png)](https://openviewpartners.com/blog/changing-your-pricing-model-how-hired-went-from-a-transactional-to-a-subscription-model)

</div>

Hired's Head of Global Revenue, John Kelly, explains how the company
successfully transitioned from a transactional to a subscription model.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Applying Discounts and Promotions on Ecommerce
Websites](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/applying-discounts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/applying-discounts.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/applying-discounts)

</div>

Coupons and other discounts should be easy to apply and shopping carts
should clearly display how the total was affected by the promotion.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Negotiate the Price of a Pricey Premium
Domain](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/332076)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.entrepreneur.com/content/3x2/2000/20190411201042-GettyImages-919442746.jpeg?format=pjeg&auto=webp)](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/332076)

</div>

Buying a domain at the asking price? That's like buying a used car at
the asking price. Doing your homework pays off.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Value Delivery Patterns Shape Your Pricing
Choices](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/value-delivery-patterns-shape-your-pricing-choices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Value-delivery-patterns.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/value-delivery-patterns-shape-your-pricing-choices)

</div>

When you deliver value to your customer is as important as how you
deliver value. The when becomes a critical input into designing your
pricing model. Learn more here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Veblen good - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/SC06_2006_Rolls-Royce_Phantom.jpg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good)

</div>

A Veblen good is a type of luxury good, named after American economist
Thorstein Veblen, for which the demand increases as the price increases,
in apparent contradiction of the law of demand, resulting in an
upward-sloping demand curve. The higher prices of Veblen goods may make
them desirable as a status symbol in the practices of conspicuous
consumption and conspicuous leisure. A product may be a Veblen good
because it is a positional good, something few others can own.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Retailers Use Personalized Prices to Test What You’re Willing to
Pay](https://hbr.org/2017/10/how-retailers-use-personalized-prices-to-test-what-youre-willing-to-pay?fbclid=IwAR070InVGdj19HHmcU0689md9hFbuRI6-wMh48OVzHx9OMmiPVCy3WnH-W4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2017/10/oct17-20-737369547-Klaus-Meinhardt.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2017/10/how-retailers-use-personalized-prices-to-test-what-youre-willing-to-pay?fbclid=IwAR070InVGdj19HHmcU0689md9hFbuRI6-wMh48OVzHx9OMmiPVCy3WnH-W4)

</div>

Orbitz, the travel website, offers slightly different prices to
customers who are shopping through its app or a computer, and even
between two different users on the same platform. Some of this may be
due to experimentation and testing, but it’s also a sign that web
retailers are using technology to try to offer personalized pricing — a
practice some might consider a form of price profiling. The goal of this
practice is to try to identify an individual’s willingness to pay and
adjust the price upward or downward to maximize profits. It’s something
shoppers should be aware of as more purchases are made online.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamic pricing: Using digital and analytics to take value pricing in
the
c](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/chemicals/our-insights/dynamic-pricing-using-digital-and-analytics-to-take-value-pricing-in-the-chemical-industry-to-the-next-level)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/industries/chemicals/our%20insights/dynamic%20pricing%20using%20digital%20and%20analytics%20to%20take%20value%20pricing%20in%20the%20chemical%20industry%20to%20the%20next%20level/dynamic-pricing-chemical_1536x1536_200.jpg)](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/chemicals/our-insights/dynamic-pricing-using-digital-and-analytics-to-take-value-pricing-in-the-chemical-industry-to-the-next-level)

</div>

Rapid, customer-tailored dynamic pricing adjustments being made possible
by new digital and advanced-analytics capabilities can generate
substantial margin improvement for chemical companies.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Average Cost: One Ounce of High Quality
Marijuana](https://ritholtz.com/2019/05/average-cost-one-ounce-of-high-quality-marijuana)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ritholtz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/avgcost.png)](https://ritholtz.com/2019/05/average-cost-one-ounce-of-high-quality-marijuana)

</div>

This is not surprising, but still kind of interesting: The three least
expensive states for marijuana, however, are all in the West region and
all allow for legal recreational use: Oregon (\$210.75), Washington
(\$232.90), and Colorado (\$241.74). The national average is \$326.06.
Table of prices by state after the jump.   Source: Oxford Treatment
Center…Read More

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Pricing Resolutions for
2019](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://openviewpartners.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/Pricing-trends-2019.png)](https://labs.openviewpartners.com/5-pricing-resolutions-for-2019)

</div>

Pricing is a good place to make a few critical resolutions for
businesses. Learn the 5 resolutions as you shape your pricing strategy
for 2019.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Power of Price
Points](https://www.strategy-business.com/article/The-Power-of-Price-Points?gko=8071a&rssid=all_updates)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.strategy-business.com/media/image/41152383_thumb5_690x400.gif)](https://www.strategy-business.com/article/The-Power-of-Price-Points?gko=8071a&rssid=all_updates)

</div>

Customer segmentation is not just a revenue tool, but also a way to
achieve excellence in execution.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You Don’t Know the Price Until You
Sell](https://ofdollarsanddata.com/why-you-dont-know-the-price-until-you-sell)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ofdollarsanddata.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/milky_way.jpg)](https://ofdollarsanddata.com/why-you-dont-know-the-price-until-you-sell)

</div>

On abnormal markets and how to prevent forced selling.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

['I'm getting ripped off': A look inside Ticketmaster's price-hiking bag
of](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/ticketmaster-prices-scalpers-bruno-mars-1.4826914)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.cbc.ca/1.4827009.1537211052!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/awards-bet.jpg)](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/ticketmaster-prices-scalpers-bruno-mars-1.4826914)

</div>

Buying a ticket for Saturday's Bruno Mars concert in Toronto was
probably never going to be cheap, but what many of the star's 17,000
fans who scored a seat might not realize is it wasn't just scalpers
driving up prices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating value at industrial companies through advanced pricing
techniques](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/advanced-electronics/our-insights/creating-value-at-industrial-companies-through-advanced-pricing-techniques)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/industries/advanced%20electronics/our%20insights/creating%20value%20at%20industrial%20companies%20through%20advanced%20pricing%20techniques/creating-value-industrial-1536x1536-250.jpg)](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/advanced-electronics/our-insights/creating-value-at-industrial-companies-through-advanced-pricing-techniques)

</div>

Faced with tough competition and uncertainty in raw-material prices,
industrial companies must reset their pricing architecture.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forever 21 visual search tool boosted purchase value by
20%](https://www.retaildive.com/news/forever-21-visual-search-tool-boosted-purchase-value-by-20/530770)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/RsIpBNTalamsgx8XNgc0F8ov2Rtz3yby5jQnJm64-gg/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlLzMzODk2NjcyODE0XzE3OTU1ZDUzNmVfby5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/forever-21-visual-search-tool-boosted-purchase-value-by-20/530770)

</div>

The fast-fashion retailer has debuted, and quickly expanded, an AI-based
visual search and navigation tool for its mobile and e-commerce
business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Cost-Plus Pricing Is a Good
Idea](https://hbr.org/2018/07/when-cost-plus-pricing-is-a-good-idea)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/07/JUL18_12_154768966.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/07/when-cost-plus-pricing-is-a-good-idea)

</div>

Cost-plus pricing is a lot like the romance novel genre, in that it’s
widely ridiculed yet tremendously popular. The idea behind cost-plus
pricing is straightforward. The seller calculates all costs, fixed and
variable, that have been or will be incurred in manufacturing the
product, and then applies a markup percentage to these costs to estimate
the asking price. Though currently out of fashion among pricing experts
(for good reason), there are sometimes strategic and pragmatic
reasons to use cost-plus pricing. When implemented with forethought and
prudence, cost-plus pricing can lead to powerful differentiation,
greater customer trust, reduced risk of price wars, and steady,
predictable profits for the company.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 ways to offer shoppers a
discount](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/10-ways-offer-shoppers-discount)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/10-ways-to-offer-shoppers-a-discount.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/10-ways-offer-shoppers-discount)

</div>

Many online retailers unintentionally train consumers to expect
discounts. Clothing stores are amongst the worst offenders. Constant
discounting makes full-price shoppers believe they’re being overcharged.
They often won’t shop until the next sale, which leads to a vicious
cycle. It is a rare company that doesn’t get asked for discounts. In
this post, I'll review 10 ways to offer clients a discount.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Online Retailers Should Hide Their Best
Discounts](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/why-online-retailers-should-hide-their-best-discounts?cid=wk-rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.hbs.edu/Style%20Library/api/resize.aspx?imgpath=https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/Teixeira-friction.png&w=1200&h=630)](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/why-online-retailers-should-hide-their-best-discounts?cid=wk-rss)

</div>

Online retailers should take a tip from brick-and-mortar stores: shove
your best deals to the back of the store. Research by Thales Teixeira
and Donald Ngwe.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Growing One's Consulting
Business](https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/consulting_1)

</div>

How I got started consulting and the advice which changed my (business)
life.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How restaurant menus play tricks on
you](http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20171120-the-secret-tricks-hidden-inside-restaurant-menus?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p05nlpjk.jpg)](http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20171120-the-secret-tricks-hidden-inside-restaurant-menus?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

Great thought and effort go into creating restaurant menus – and there
are some very powerful psychological tricks employed to make you choose.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Grandfathering Your Pricing is Terrible for Your
Business](http://www.priceintelligently.com/blog/grandfathering-discounting-prices-terrible-subscription-business)

</div>

Legacy plans and pricing kneecaps your growth and can crush your
relationships with your customers.

</div>

</div>
