<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# prob-stats

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Real-Life Examples of the Poisson
Distribution](https://www.statology.org/5-real-life-examples-of-the-poisson-distribution/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/sta-olumide-5-real-worl-examples-poisson-distribution-1024x683.png)](https://www.statology.org/5-real-life-examples-of-the-poisson-distribution/)

</div>

Image by Editor \| ChatGPT The Poisson distribution might sound like one
of those things you only deal with in a stats class, but it actually
shows up in

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Visualize Skewness and Kurtosis in
Python](https://www.statology.org/how-to-visualize-skewness-and-kurtosis-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/sta-kurtosis-skewness-visualize.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-visualize-skewness-and-kurtosis-in-python/)

</div>

In this article, you will learn how to visualize skewness and kurtosis
using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python One-Liners to Run Common Statistical
Tests](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-to-run-common-statistical-tests/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sta-10-python-one-liners-stats-tests.png)](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-to-run-common-statistical-tests/)

</div>

In this article, we'll explore 10 Python one-liners that showcase the
progression from basic statistical tests to sophisticated analyses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Statistical Concepts Machine Learning Engineers
Misunderstand](https://www.statology.org/7-statistical-concepts-machine-learning-engineers-misunderstand/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sta-feature-20250507-01.png)](https://www.statology.org/7-statistical-concepts-machine-learning-engineers-misunderstand/)

</div>

Let’s break down seven statistical concepts that even seasoned machine
learning engineers often trip over — and why getting them right matters
more than you think.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Concise Guide to Survival
Analysis](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-to-survival-analysis/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/sta-concise-guide-survival-analysis.png)](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-to-survival-analysis/)

</div>

So, if you’ve ever asked, “How long until X happens?” and wanted to back
that up with solid data, you’re in the right place.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to
statsmodels](https://www.statology.org/introduction-to-statsmodels/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/sta-intro-to-statsmodels.png)](https://www.statology.org/introduction-to-statsmodels/)

</div>

This article explains its features, installation, and how to use it with
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to Chi-Square
Distribution](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-chi-square-distribution/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/sta-concise-guide-chi-square-1024x574.png)](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-chi-square-distribution/)

</div>

Let's clarify this important statistical pattern and understand its
significance in analysis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to Poisson
Distribution](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-poisson-distribution/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/sta-concise-guide-poisson-distribution.png)](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-poisson-distribution/)

</div>

The Poisson distribution is a discrete probability distribution that
expresses the likelihood of a specific number of events occurring within
a fixed time or space interval.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Hellinger distance? -
Dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/12/what-is-hellinger-distance/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/DC-logo-emblem_multicolor.png)](https://dataconomy.com/2025/03/12/what-is-hellinger-distance/)

</div>

Hellinger Distance is a statistical measure that quantifies the
similarity between two probability distributions, useful in data
analysis and machine learning applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statistical Formulas For Programmers – Evan
Miller](https://www.evanmiller.org/statistical-formulas-for-programmers.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learning curve: The Kaplan-Meier estimator \| The
Actuary](https://www.theactuary.com/2025/03/07/learning-curve-kaplan-meier-estimator)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.theactuary.com/sites/default/files/styles/uncropped_small/public/2025-03/web_p30-31_Learning-curve_curved-tulip-flower_CREDIT_getty-546736123.jpg?itok=hnv7KvJT)](https://www.theactuary.com/2025/03/07/learning-curve-kaplan-meier-estimator)

</div>

The Kaplan-Meier survival curve estimator is one of the most cited ideas
in science

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to
Leverage](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-leverage/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/sta-concise-guide-leverage.png)](https://www.statology.org/the-concise-guide-to-leverage/)

</div>

Leverage helps us identify observations that could significantly
influence our regression results, even in ways that aren't immediately
obvious.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to
Heteroscedasticity](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-heteroscedasticity/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/gtm-feature-20250216-01.png)](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-heteroscedasticity/)

</div>

Heteroscedasticity might seem like just the opposite of
homoscedasticity, but understanding it in its own right is crucial for
any data analyst.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to
Homoscedasticity](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-homoscedasticity/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/sta-guide-homoscedasticity.png)](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-homoscedasticity/)

</div>

Homoscedasticity stands as one of those statistical terms that can seem
unnecessarily complex at first glance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Time Series Decomposition: Extracting Seasonal, Trend, and Residual
Components](https://www.statology.org/time-series-decomposition-extracting-seasonal-trend-residual-components/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/sta-time-series-fundamentals-davies-1024x574.png)](https://www.statology.org/time-series-decomposition-extracting-seasonal-trend-residual-components/)

</div>

Still, the exact application, challenges and shortcuts related to this
technique are relatively unknown, and that’s what this article seeks to
change.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Concise Guide to Statistical
Power](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-statistical-power/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/sta-concise-guide-statistical-power.png)](https://www.statology.org/concise-guide-statistical-power/)

</div>

Statistical power might be the most frequently misunderstood concept in
research design. While many researchers know they "need" it, few truly
understand

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Degrees of Freedom in
Statistics](https://www.statology.org/understanding-degrees-freedom-statistics/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/sta-design-header-20250106-13.png)](https://www.statology.org/understanding-degrees-freedom-statistics/)

</div>

Degrees of freedom (df) represent the number of independent values in a
dataset that are free to vary while still satisfying the statistical
constraints imposed on the data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statology's Most Popular Articles of
2024](https://www.statology.org/most-popular-articles-2024/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/sta-most-popular-articles-2024.png)](https://www.statology.org/most-popular-articles-2024/)

</div>

Have a look at Statology's most popular articles of the year!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond the Mask: A Comprehensive Study of Discrete Diffusion
Models](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/12/15/beyond-the-mask-a-comprehensive-study-of-discrete-diffusion-models/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/Screenshot-2024-12-15-at-7.56.16%E2%80%AFAM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/12/15/beyond-the-mask-a-comprehensive-study-of-discrete-diffusion-models/)

</div>

Masked diffusion has emerged as a promising alternative to
autoregressive models for the generative modeling of discrete data.
Despite its potential, existing research has been constrained by overly
complex model formulations and ambiguous relationships between different
theoretical perspectives. These limitations have resulted in suboptimal
parameterization and training objectives, often requiring ad hoc
adjustments to address inherent challenges. Diffusion models have
rapidly evolved since their inception, becoming a dominant approach for
generative media and achieving state-of-the-art performance across
various domains. Significant breakthroughs have been particularly
notable in image synthesis, audio generation, and video production,
demonstrating the transformative potential of this innovative

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Distribution Calculator Guide: From Basic Probabilities to Statistical
Tests](https://www.statology.org/distribution-calculator-guide-basic-probabilities-statistical-tests/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/sta-distribution-calculator-guide-scaled.jpg)](https://www.statology.org/distribution-calculator-guide-basic-probabilities-statistical-tests/)

</div>

The calculators in this guide follow a natural progression, starting
with basic probabilities and z-scores, moving through hypothesis testing
tools, and concluding with specialized distributions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Square roots and
maxima](https://leancrew.com/all-this/2024/11/square-roots-and-maxima/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://leancrew.com/all-this/images2024/20241129-CDF%20comparison%20with%2020%20samples.png)](https://leancrew.com/all-this/2024/11/square-roots-and-maxima/)

</div>

A brief numerical and graphical check on a 3Blue1Brown video.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Extreme Value Theory: Understanding and Predicting Rare
Events](https://www.statology.org/extreme-value-theory-understanding-and-predicting-rare-events/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/sta-rare-events.png)](https://www.statology.org/extreme-value-theory-understanding-and-predicting-rare-events/)

</div>

Let's have a closer look at EVT, its applications, and its challenges.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use the Cauchy Distribution in
Python](https://www.statology.org/how-to-use-the-cauchy-distribution-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/cauchy-dist.jpg)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-use-the-cauchy-distribution-in-python/)

</div>

In this tutorial, we’ll learn more about the Cauchy distribution,
visualize its probability density function, and learn how to use it in
Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Computing Minimum Sample Size for A/B Tests in Statsmodels: How and
Why](https://towardsdatascience.com/computing-minimum-sample-size-for-a-b-tests-in-statsmodels-how-and-why-398e357945d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*kYnWmzf0MmNDNSIVEbprlA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/computing-minimum-sample-size-for-a-b-tests-in-statsmodels-how-and-why-398e357945d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A deep-dive into how and why Statsmodels uses numerical optimization
instead of closed-form formulas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Select the Right Statistical Tests for Different A/B
Metrics](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-select-the-right-statistical-tests-for-different-a-b-metrics-c8a1865851e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*M957qGgDOre0EUTuZVrmXw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-select-the-right-statistical-tests-for-different-a-b-metrics-c8a1865851e)

</div>

A Discussion of the go-to methods for 5 Types of A/B Metrics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fully Mastering Fisher’s Exact Test for A/B
Testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/fishers-exact-fb49432e55b5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*frkAvty7Fh9QZYbK)](https://towardsdatascience.com/fishers-exact-fb49432e55b5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

While Fisher’s exact test is a convenient tool for A/B testing, the idea
and results of the test are often hard to grasp and difficult to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding
CUPED](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-cuped-a822523641af)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*hRXZK7oEAf2FA7cwpcqgfw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-cuped-a822523641af)

</div>

An in-depth guide to the state-of-the-art variance reduction technique
for A/B tests

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implications of use of multiple controls in an A/B
test](https://blog.twitter.com/2016/implications-of-use-of-multiple-controls-in-an-ab-test)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.cms-twdigitalassets.com/content/dam/blog-twitter/engineering/en_us/main-template-assets/Eng_EXPLORE_Pink.png.twimg.768.png)](https://blog.twitter.com/2016/implications-of-use-of-multiple-controls-in-an-ab-test)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Common Pitfalls of Running A/B
Tests](https://towardsdatascience.com/online-controlled-experiment-8-common-pitfalls-and-solutions-ea4488e5a82e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*MA6o65C18xMtnWoMuFLZbQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/online-controlled-experiment-8-common-pitfalls-and-solutions-ea4488e5a82e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How not to fail your online controlled experimentation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welch’s t-Test: The Reliable Way to Compare 2 Population Means with
Unequal](https://towardsdatascience.com/welchs-t-test-the-reliable-way-to-compare-2-population-means-with-unequal-variances-bbf7a62967bc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*5wtaSO7Q_6A0mvAV6AwWWg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/welchs-t-test-the-reliable-way-to-compare-2-population-means-with-unequal-variances-bbf7a62967bc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Discover why Welch’s t-Test is the go-to method for accurate statistical
comparison, even when variances differ.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How the Guinness Brewery Invented the Most Important Statistical Method
in](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-the-guinness-brewery-invented-the-most-important-statistical-method-in)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.scientificamerican.com/dam/m/469fffd62551451b/original/GettyImages-1192401447_WEB.jpg?w=1200)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-the-guinness-brewery-invented-the-most-important-statistical-method-in)

</div>

The most common test of statistical significance originated from the
Guinness brewery. Here’s how it works

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Statistical
Tests](https://towardsdatascience.com/statistical-tests-demystified-how-to-choose-the-best-test-for-your-data-part-i-688a4b2a23b7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*qsIy8yjICDc2Xmkf)](https://towardsdatascience.com/statistical-tests-demystified-how-to-choose-the-best-test-for-your-data-part-i-688a4b2a23b7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Your Guide to Choosing the Right Test for Your Data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 key probability distributions in data science: Easy
explanation](https://datasciencedojo.com/blog/probability-distributions-in-data-science?hss_channel=lcp-3740012)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/PMs76lrqiA4/hqdefault.jpg)](https://datasciencedojo.com/blog/probability-distributions-in-data-science?hss_channel=lcp-3740012)

</div>

Understanding probability distributions in data science is crucial. They
provide a mathematical framework for modeling and analyzing data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond the Bell Curve: An Introduction to the
t-distribution](https://towardsdatascience.com/beyond-the-bell-curve-an-introduction-to-the-t-distribution-87a7cf5b3e40?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*z9Ruxa6B_n-VEaFW)](https://towardsdatascience.com/beyond-the-bell-curve-an-introduction-to-the-t-distribution-87a7cf5b3e40?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Discover the origins, theory and uses behind the famous t-distribution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reliability Analysis with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/reliability-analysis-with-python-862c95e5c65a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1050/0*jApTQ2fRd6R_HGU_)](https://towardsdatascience.com/reliability-analysis-with-python-862c95e5c65a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Total Productive Maintenance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Monte Carlo: How To Simulate Your Way to Better Machine
Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-monte-carlo-how-to-simulate-your-way-to-better-machine-learning-models-6b57ec4e5514)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*74t4-f8cMxKbz3AnryKntw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-monte-carlo-how-to-simulate-your-way-to-better-machine-learning-models-6b57ec4e5514)

</div>

How a Scientist Playing Solitaire Forever Changed the Game of Statistics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SynthDiD 101: A Beginner’s Guide to Synthetic
Difference-in-Differences](https://towardsdatascience.com/synthdid-101-a-beginners-guide-to-synthetic-difference-in-differences-84fed9b730ae?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*YpFPPV1n7A4WYZvj9_EQdw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/synthdid-101-a-beginners-guide-to-synthetic-difference-in-differences-84fed9b730ae?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

On the method’s advantages and disadvantages, demonstrated with the
synthdid package in R

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Understand and Use the Jensen-Shannon
Divergence](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-understand-and-use-jensen-shannon-divergence-b10e11b03fd6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1020/1*iXqnpz9Rlxl2X83fAYxyLg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-understand-and-use-jensen-shannon-divergence-b10e11b03fd6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A primer on the math, logic, and pragmatic application of JS
Divergence — including how it is best used in drift monitoring

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Conditional
Probabilities](https://two-wrongs.com/unreasonable-effectiveness-of-conditional-probabilities.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Probability stats for
ds](https://cims.nyu.edu/~cfgranda/pages/stuff/probability_stats_for_DS.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[There are more ways to arrange a deck of cards than there are
atoms](https://www.mcgill.ca/oss/article/did-you-know-infographics/there-are-more-ways-arrange-deck-cards-there-are-atoms-earth)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.mcgill.ca/oss/files/oss/styles/wysiwyg_large/public/deckofcards_cover-02.png?itok=2KL_6DVi)](https://www.mcgill.ca/oss/article/did-you-know-infographics/there-are-more-ways-arrange-deck-cards-there-are-atoms-earth)

</div>

Think of your last card game – euchre, poker, Go Fish, whatever it was.
Would you believe every time you gave the whole deck a proper shuffle,
you were holding a sequence of cards which had never

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Chi-Square Test to Compare Categorical
Variables](https://towardsdatascience.com/compare-dependency-of-categorical-variables-with-chi-square-test-982baff64e81)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*QEkuGsscVRd1C3mS)](https://towardsdatascience.com/compare-dependency-of-categorical-variables-with-chi-square-test-982baff64e81)

</div>

Complete Guideline to Find Dependencies among Categorical Variables with
Chi-Square Test

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The statistical magic behind the
bootstrap](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-statistical-magic-behind-the-bootstrap-2188ee147423)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*02yKUnZtSkUTqeO2)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-statistical-magic-behind-the-bootstrap-2188ee147423)

</div>

How to use the bootstrap for tests or confidence intervals and why it
works

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Heuristics That Almost Always
Work](https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/heuristics-that-almost-always-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F5adbf108-fe67-4cd8-97a9-7c434c9a715b_736x526.jpeg)](https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/heuristics-that-almost-always-work)

</div>

...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home Page of Evan Miller](http://www.evanmiller.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.evanmiller.org/images/previews/index.png)](http://www.evanmiller.org)

</div>

Articles, software, calculators, and opinions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DAGs and Control Variables](https://link.medium.com/cMSnWAXZ0qb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*LGqL-oXFW05kkEbRWXxNCQ.png)](https://link.medium.com/cMSnWAXZ0qb)

</div>

How to select control variables for causal inference using Directed
Acyclic Graphs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sobol Indices to Measure Feature
Importance](https://towardsdatascience.com/sobol-indices-to-measure-feature-importance-54cedc3281bc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NVCf6SSB4U3JsOvOewdPHQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/sobol-indices-to-measure-feature-importance-54cedc3281bc)

</div>

Understanding the model’s output plays a major role in business-driven
projects, and Sobol can help

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Confidence Intervals Simply
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/confidence-intervals-simply-explained-58b0b11e985f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ll6KvG-pZlmLsLL5)](https://towardsdatascience.com/confidence-intervals-simply-explained-58b0b11e985f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A concise explanation of confidence intervals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statistical T-Test Simply
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/statistical-t-test-simply-explained-b510045d69e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*PWZNzgCnBjpwq1EZ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/statistical-t-test-simply-explained-b510045d69e)

</div>

An introduction to the Student’s t-distribution and the Student’s t-test

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Log-normal Distribution — A simple
explanation](https://towardsdatascience.com/log-normal-distribution-a-simple-explanation-7605864fb67c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:898/1*X6fvC851lFtEyDGCgcZc7Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/log-normal-distribution-a-simple-explanation-7605864fb67c)

</div>

How to calculate μ & σ, the mode, mean, median & variance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 Probability and Statistics Interview Questions for Data
Scientists](https://towardsdatascience.com/30-probability-and-statistics-interview-questions-for-data-scientists-7524622801a3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*qLc-vJlezCzCSxyD)](https://towardsdatascience.com/30-probability-and-statistics-interview-questions-for-data-scientists-7524622801a3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Top 30 Probability and Statistics Interview Questions that can help you
sharpen your skills to ace your data science interview

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Simple Interpretation of
p-values](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-simple-interpretation-of-p-values-34db3777d907)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*sgPLz05rCXSWkkju_1Ub1g.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-simple-interpretation-of-p-values-34db3777d907)

</div>

P-values & ice cream consumption simply explained.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Probability Distributions with Python’s
SciPy](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-distributions-with-pythons-scipy-3da89bf60565)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*NEKjA3JhvHKqW-EJAP9hHg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-distributions-with-pythons-scipy-3da89bf60565)

</div>

How to Model random Processes with Distributions and Fit them to
Observational Data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Service reliability
pcts](https://res.cloudinary.com/practicaldev/image/fetch/s--wgFiKu7u--/c_limit%2Cf_auto%2Cfl_progressive%2Cq_auto%2Cw_880/https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/311mw93ltrjizvstm43i.png)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The curious case of Simpson’s
Paradox](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-curious-case-of-simpsons-paradox-6f178548d7e8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*6yc_IK25IZsQ_gt9)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-curious-case-of-simpsons-paradox-6f178548d7e8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

In 1996, Appleton, French, and Vanderpump conducted an experiment to
study the effect of smoking on a sample of people. The study was
conducted over twenty years and included 1314 English women…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Resource Round-Up: Causal Inference \| Emily
Riederer](https://emilyriederer.netlify.app/post/resource-roundup-causal)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://emilyriederer.com/post/resource-roundup-causal/featured.jpg)](https://emilyriederer.netlify.app/post/resource-roundup-causal)

</div>

Free books, lectures, blogs, papers, and more for a causal inference
crash course

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Box-Cox transformation is the magic we
need](https://towardsdatascience.com/box-cox-transformation-is-the-magic-we-need-3d0ef9a18339?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*hmQcAhn9bWPV6Gx9)](https://towardsdatascience.com/box-cox-transformation-is-the-magic-we-need-3d0ef9a18339?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The smart trick to choose the right model

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using strip charts to visualize dozens of time series at
once](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-strip-charts-to-visualize-dozens-of-time-series-at-once-a983baabb54f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*AOK7wXv1kQZ_Dnta)](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-strip-charts-to-visualize-dozens-of-time-series-at-once-a983baabb54f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Strip charts are extremely useful to make heads or tails from dozens
(and up to several hundred) of time series over very long periods of…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Project Lighthouse — Part 1: P-sensitive
k-anonymity](https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering/project-lighthouse-part-1-p-sensitive-k-anonymity-c6ee7d79c4f9?source=rss----53c7c27702d5---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*itlHLACGVUv9gsAPTBxF9A.jpeg)](https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering/project-lighthouse-part-1-p-sensitive-k-anonymity-c6ee7d79c4f9?source=rss----53c7c27702d5---4)

</div>

Part one of a series on how we will measure discrepancies in Airbnb
guest acceptance rates using anonymized perceived demographic data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Log-Normal Distribution](https://t.co/M0CNCgh3ir?amp=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.deepai.org/glossary-terms/43b4201009ee4c97b404726dae10f7e8/lognormal.png)](https://t.co/M0CNCgh3ir?amp=1)

</div>

A Log-Normal Distribution is a continuous probability distribution of a
random variable whose logarithm is normally distributed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Parametric Tests, Skewness, and
Kurtosis](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-the-normal-distribution-parametric-tests-skewness-and-kurtosis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/uploads/thumbnails/Skewness_Feature.jpg)](https://www.allaboutcircuits.com/technical-articles/understanding-the-normal-distribution-parametric-tests-skewness-and-kurtosis)

</div>

This article introduces important subcategories of inferential
statistical tests and discusses descriptive statistical measures related
to the normal distribution.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Statistical Distributions that every Data Scientist should know— with
intuitive
explanations](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-statistical-distributions-that-every-data-scientist-should-know-with-intuitive-explanations-bf967db81f0b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mpyrgqwMjfclV2oN1U2VIA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-statistical-distributions-that-every-data-scientist-should-know-with-intuitive-explanations-bf967db81f0b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Intuitive explanations for the Normal, Bernoulli, Binomial, Poisson,
Exponential, Gamma and Weibull distribution — with Python example code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Normality Tests-Python (Step-By-Step Guide
2020)](https://towardsdatascience.com/normality-tests-in-python-31e04aa4f411?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1080/0*fIGk_f1qywZffNnm)](https://towardsdatascience.com/normality-tests-in-python-31e04aa4f411?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Normality tests to check if a variable or sample has a normal
distribution.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Calculate the KL Divergence for Machine Learning -
MachineLearningMastery.com](https://machinelearningmastery.com/divergence-between-probability-distributions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Histogram-of-Two-Different-Probability-Distributions-for-the-same-Random-Variable.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/divergence-between-probability-distributions)

</div>

It is often desirable to quantify the difference between probability
distributions for a given random variable. This occurs frequently in
machine learning, when we may be interested in calculating the
difference between an actual and observed probability distribution. This
can be achieved using techniques from information theory, such as the
Kullback-Leibler Divergence (KL divergence), or relative entropy, and
the Jensen-Shannon…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seven Must-Know Statistical Distributions and Their Simulations for
Data
Sc](https://towardsdatascience.com/seven-must-know-statistical-distributions-and-their-simulations-for-data-science-681c5ac41e32?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mpyrgqwMjfclV2oN1U2VIA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seven-must-know-statistical-distributions-and-their-simulations-for-data-science-681c5ac41e32?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Assumptions, relationships, simulations, and so on

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Overview of data
distributions](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/06/overview-data-distributions.html)

</div>

With so many types of data distributions to consider in data science,
how do you choose the right one to model your data? This guide will
overview the most important distributions you should be familiar with in
your work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A quick refresher of statistical
power](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-quick-refresher-of-statistical-power-fe8ae5e0c317?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*KXDSX00bByWIelU9kpnbDg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-quick-refresher-of-statistical-power-fe8ae5e0c317?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An easy-to-follow guide next time you forget how to do power
calculations

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NIST Handbook of Engineering
Statistics](https://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lognormal, Weibull, and Gamma distribution in One Picture -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/lognormal-weibull-and-gamma-distribution-in-one-picture?fbclid=IwAR3PjJk6mHZ25qSaclrZSMbw9kFnj3kU6gudiKj4A8WviPcmbu3Fz7vWunk)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/4247636443-1.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/lognormal-weibull-and-gamma-distribution-in-one-picture?fbclid=IwAR3PjJk6mHZ25qSaclrZSMbw9kFnj3kU6gudiKj4A8WviPcmbu3Fz7vWunk)

</div>

At first glance, the Lognormal, Weibull, and Gamma distributions
distributions look quite similar to each other. Selecting between the
three models is “quite difficult” (Siswadi & Quesenberry) and the
problem of testing which distribution is the best fit for data has been
studied by a multitude of researchers. If all the models fit the data
fairly well,… Read More »Lognormal, Weibull, and Gamma distribution in
One Picture

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Student
t-Distribution](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-student-t-distribution-7575b18fbd23?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Power-Law
Distribution](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-power-law-distribution-346085302cd4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Classic Probability Problem \#2: The Coupon
Problem](https://towardsdatascience.com/classic-probability-problem-2-the-coupon-problem-7acd7febaabd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*YP5u2UhCe2qBV8ls2VWI2A.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/classic-probability-problem-2-the-coupon-problem-7acd7febaabd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Data Science & Machine Learning Interviews

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Guide to Hypothesis
Testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-complete-guide-to-hypothesis-testing-2e0279fa9149)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*40lqNfH0LGJQm6AbgjcRnw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-complete-guide-to-hypothesis-testing-2e0279fa9149)

</div>

From Controlling for Testing Errors to Selecting the Right Test

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Probability And Statistics: Chi-Squared, Student-T, And F
Dis](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-probability-and-statistics-chi-squared-student-t-and-f-distributions-e46b4f802707?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*U1QRfhAoz19YRzjrPB4lIw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-probability-and-statistics-chi-squared-student-t-and-f-distributions-e46b4f802707?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Must Know Topic For Data Scientists Who Work With Data And Statistical
Inference

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Distribution
summaries](https://st4.ning.com/topology/rest/1.0/file/get/3969609986?profile=original)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lies, Damned Lies, and Averages: Perc50, Perc95 explained for
Programmers](https://www.schneems.com/2020/03/17/lies-damned-lies-and-averages-perc50-perc95-explained-for-programmers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.dropbox.com/s/mdghbzitg3pijw8/Screenshot%202019-12-24%2013.10.56.png?raw=1)](https://www.schneems.com/2020/03/17/lies-damned-lies-and-averages-perc50-perc95-explained-for-programmers)

</div>

I got a customer ticket the other day that said they weren’t worried
about response time because “New Relic is showing our average response
time to be sub 20...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hypothesis Testing Explained as Simply as
Possible](https://towardsdatascience.com/hypothesis-testing-explained-as-simply-as-possible-6e0a256293cf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*9K5Gx7zQn_D4utJRqnDdBw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hypothesis-testing-explained-as-simply-as-possible-6e0a256293cf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

One of the most important concepts for Data Scientists

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beta Distribution — Intuition, Examples, and
Derivation](https://t.co/qTStU3Orim?amp=1&ssr=true)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:882/1*n1q2lm3-2Npx2AMCWUaYMQ.png)](https://t.co/qTStU3Orim?amp=1&ssr=true)

</div>

When to use Beta distribution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.analyticbridge.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/three-classes-of-metrics-centrality-volatility-and-bumpiness?fbclid=IwAR0iMt0Dcpbzbv_Fn9uVS4A0NQFB0lWxqOXzhwIdPMw9fOqzEAc8hVThaDc>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The seven deadly sins of statistical misinterpretation, and how to
avoid them -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/the-seven-deadly-sins-of-statistical-misinterpretation-and-how-to?fbclid=IwAR2BVs1hO1x91ytv0QEBqasCmjrrPbfDsEdzGg74R5Yko2gQZx3DqmJiASI)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/2808328581.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/the-seven-deadly-sins-of-statistical-misinterpretation-and-how-to?fbclid=IwAR2BVs1hO1x91ytv0QEBqasCmjrrPbfDsEdzGg74R5Yko2gQZx3DqmJiASI)

</div>

By Winnifred Louis, Associate Professor, Social Psychology, The
University of Queensland, and Cassandra Chapman,PhD Candidate in Social
Psychology, The University of Queensland. Here are the 7 sins: Assuming
small differences are meaningful Equating statistical significance with
real-world significance Neglecting to look at extremes Trusting
coincidence Getting causation backwards Forgetting to consider outside
causes Deceptive graphs To read… Read More »The seven deadly sins of
statistical misinterpretation, and how to avoid them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Little Handbook of Statistical
Practice](http://www.jerrydallal.com/LHSP/LHSP.htm)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statistical Thinking for Industrial Problem Solving – a free online
course](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/12/jmp-statistical-thinking-free-course.html)

</div>

Data Science, Machine Learning, AI & Analytics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Markov Chain Analysis and Simulation using Python - Towards Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/markov-chain-analysis-and-simulation-using-python-4507cee0b06e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:437/1*SUUir-VGHy2OFqbpKxwuJA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/markov-chain-analysis-and-simulation-using-python-4507cee0b06e)

</div>

Solving real-world problems with probabilities

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[P-value Explained Simply for Data
Scientists](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/11/11/pval)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mlwhiz.com/images/pval/main.png)](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/11/11/pval)

</div>

This post is about various evaluation metrics and how and when to use
them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.analyticbridge.datasciencecentral.com/group/books/forum/topics/handbook-of-fitting?fbclid=IwAR0TqLZf6SO46CI9bfg1crEEl79gzMDyO08aAIqaKryOxlIgj3nvvbjjREQ>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[29 Statistical Concepts Explained in Simple English - Part
3](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/29-statistical-concepts-explained-in-simple-english-part-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/2808366972-2.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/29-statistical-concepts-explained-in-simple-english-part-2)

</div>

This resource is part of a series on specific topics related to data
science: regression, clustering, neural networks, deep learning,
decision trees, ensembles, correlation, Python, R, Tensorflow, SVM, data
reduction, feature selection, experimental design, cross-validation,
model fitting, and many more. To keep receiving these articles, sign up
on DSC. The full series is accessible here.  29 Statistical
Concepts… Read More »29 Statistical Concepts Explained in Simple English
– Part 3

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Statistical Hypothesis Tests in Python (Cheat
Sheet)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/statistical-hypothesis-tests-in-python-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Statistical-Hypothesis-Tests-in-Python-Cheat-Sheet.jpg)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/statistical-hypothesis-tests-in-python-cheat-sheet)

</div>

Quick-reference guide to the 17 statistical hypothesis tests that you
need in applied machine learning, with sample code in Python. Although
there are hundreds of statistical hypothesis tests that you could use,
there is only a small subset that you may need to use in a machine
learning project. In this post, you will discover a cheat sheet for the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Explaining the 68-95-99.7 rule for a Normal
Distribution](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/07/explaining-68-95-99-7-rule-normal-distribution.html)

</div>

This post explains how those numbers were derived in the hope that they
can be more interpretable for your future endeavors.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Frequency Distribution Analysis using Python Data Stack – Part
1](http://dataconomy.com/2017/05/frequency-distribution-analysis-python-data-stack-1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/green-tree-python-543243_1280-compressor-e1495796901375.jpg)](http://dataconomy.com/2017/05/frequency-distribution-analysis-python-data-stack-1)

</div>

During my years as a Consultant Data Scientist I have received many
requests from my clients to provide frequency distribution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Skewness vs Kurtosis – The Robust
Duo](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/05/skewness-vs-kurtosis-robust-duo.html)

</div>

Kurtosis and Skewness are very close relatives of the “data normalized
statistical moment” family – Kurtosis being the fourth and Skewness the
third moment, and yet they are often used to detect very different
phenomena in data. At the same time, it is typically recommendable to
analyse the outputs of…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Counting Bloom Filter in C – Tony Allen –
Medium](https://medium.com/@cyril0allen/counting-bloom-filter-in-c-9672ec25b3ec)

</div>

I recently ran across this bloom filter post by Michael Schmatz and it
inspired me to write about a neat variation on the bloom filter that…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Removing Outliers Using Standard Deviation in
Python](http://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/02/removing-outliers-standard-deviation-python.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/removing_outliers_standard_deviation_python.png)](http://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/02/removing-outliers-standard-deviation-python.html)

</div>

Standard Deviation is one of the most underrated statistical tools out
there. It’s an extremely useful metric that most people know how to
calculate but very few know how to use effectively.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Your Guide to Master Hypothesis Testing in Statistics -
DataScienceCentral.com](http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/your-guide-to-master-hypothesis-testing-in-statistics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/2808328074.png)](http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/your-guide-to-master-hypothesis-testing-in-statistics)

</div>

This article was written by Sunil Ray. Sunil is a Business Analytics and
Intelligence professional with deep experience. Introduction – the
difference in mindset I started my career as a MIS professional and then
made my way into Business Intelligence (BI) followed by Business
Analytics, Statistical modeling and more recently machine learning. Each
of these transition has required… Read More »Your Guide to Master
Hypothesis Testing in Statistics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 10 Statistical Techniques Data Scientists Need to
Master](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/11/10-statistical-techniques-data-scientists-need-master.html)

</div>

The author presents 10 statistical techniques which a data scientist
needs to master. Build up your toolbox of data science tools by having a
look at this great overview post.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fisher's method -
Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher's_method)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3b/Fisher-method-fused-P.svg/1200px-Fisher-method-fused-P.svg.png)](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher's_method)

</div>

In statistics, Fisher's method, also known as Fisher's combined
probability test, is a technique for data fusion or "meta-analysis"
(analysis of analyses). It was developed by and named for Ronald Fisher.
In its basic form, it is used to combine the results from several
independence tests bearing upon the same overall hypothesis (H0).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Relative error distributions, without the heavy tail
theatrics](http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2016/09/relative-error-distributions-without-the-heavy-tail-theatrics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://win-vector.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/69a5c-newimage-7.png)](http://www.win-vector.com/blog/2016/09/relative-error-distributions-without-the-heavy-tail-theatrics)

</div>

Nina Zumel prepared an excellent article on the consequences of working
with relative error distributed quantities (such as wealth, income,
sales, and many more) called “Living in A Lognormal…

</div>

</div>
