<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# projmgmt

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Task estimation: Conquering Hofstadter's
Law](https://thesearesystems.substack.com/p/task-estimation-conquering-hofstadters)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fd0abb5c3-704a-4c25-94a4-01c24a743842_1034x752.png)](https://thesearesystems.substack.com/p/task-estimation-conquering-hofstadters)

</div>

How to turn your time estimates into reliable predictions — and
communicate them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Parkinson's Law: It's Real, So Use
It](https://theengineeringmanager.substack.com/p/parkinsons-law-its-real-so-use-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fcdfdb33f-62e4-4b72-a841-16f1a423c1a6_1738x818.png)](https://theengineeringmanager.substack.com/p/parkinsons-law-its-real-so-use-it)

</div>

Yes, just set that deadline.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Airbus – A380 – Why Do Projects
Fail?](https://calleam.com/WTPF/?p=4700)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://calleam.com/wp-content/uploads/Airbus_A380_aircraft.jpg)](https://calleam.com/WTPF/?p=4700)

</div>

The following entry is a record in the “Catalogue of Catastrophe” - a
list of failed or troubled projects from around the world. Airbus SAS -
France Project name : A380 Project type : Commercial aircraft
development Date : Dec 2000 - Oct 2007 Cost : \$6.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Study Finds 268% Higher Failure Rates For Agile Software
Projects](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/24/06/06/022253/study-finds-268-higher-failure-rates-for-agile-software-projects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/software_64.png)](https://tech.slashdot.org/story/24/06/06/022253/study-finds-268-higher-failure-rates-for-agile-software-projects)

</div>

Richard Speed reports via The Register: A study has found that software
projects adopting Agile practices are 268 percent more likely to fail
than those that do not. Even though the research commissioned by
consultancy Engprax could be seen as a thinly veiled plug for Impact
Engineering methodology...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Six essential elements of the project discovery
phase](https://dataconomy.com/2024/05/21/six-essential-elements-of-the-project-discovery-phase)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/seo1.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2024/05/21/six-essential-elements-of-the-project-discovery-phase)

</div>

Embarking on a new software development project is similar to setting
sail on uncharted waters. While the destination might be

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Adventures of ACTION ITEM, Professional
Superhero!](https://professionalsuperhero.com)

</div>

The Adventures of Action Item, Professional Superhero - Official
Homepage

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Planning poker -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/CrispPlanningPokerDeck.jpg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planning_poker)

</div>

Planning poker, also called Scrum poker, is a consensus-based, gamified
technique for estimating, mostly used for timeboxing in Agile
principles. In planning poker, members of the group make estimates by
playing numbered cards face-down to the table, instead of speaking them
aloud. The cards are revealed, and the estimates are then discussed. By
hiding the figures in this way, the group can avoid the cognitive bias
of anchoring, where the first number spoken aloud sets a precedent for
subsequent estimates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 reasons why Darth Vader was an amazing project
manager](http://www.geekwire.com/2011/top-10-reasons-darth-vader-amazing-project-manager)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.geekwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/darthvader222.jpg)](http://www.geekwire.com/2011/top-10-reasons-darth-vader-amazing-project-manager)

</div>

The Sith Lord Darth Vader, of Star Wars fame, often gets a bad rap,
particularly in what we all think of as his 'dark years'. From a certain
perspective his mass murder, brutal oppression, and frequent deception
to serve his own ends makes him seem like a pretty bad guy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why public chats are better than direct
messages](https://teamplify.com/blog/why-public-chats-are-better-than-direct-messages)

</div>

How we communicate makes an enormous impact on our work. One of the best
strategies for improving communication in a team is making it open

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Acceptance Criteria vs Requirements: Definition and Examples \|
ProjectPractical.com](https://www.projectpractical.com/acceptance-criteria-vs-requirements-definition-and-examples)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.projectpractical.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Acceptance-Criteria-vs-Requirements.jpg)](https://www.projectpractical.com/acceptance-criteria-vs-requirements-definition-and-examples)

</div>

When you’re defining your software or new product’s requirements, a set
of criteria come into play. Acceptance criteria are one part of those
criteria that are either agreed upon or come out of client/customer
discussions. Unlike requirements, acceptance criteria define what must
happen when a decision point such as an objective has been met.
Acceptance ... Read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Products Over
Projects](https://martinfowler.com/articles/products-over-projects.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://martinfowler.com/logo-sq.png)](https://martinfowler.com/articles/products-over-projects.html)

</div>

Projects are a popular way of organizing software efforts, but
long-running product teams are often superior

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Evidence Based
Scheduling](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2007/10/26/evidence-based-scheduling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149366100.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/26ebs1.png)](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2007/10/26/evidence-based-scheduling)

</div>

Software developers don’t really like to make schedules. Usually, they
try to get away without one. “It’ll be done when it’s done!” they say,
expecting that such a brave, funny zinger will reduce t…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Setting UX Roles and Responsibilities in Product Development: The RACI
Temp](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ux-roles-responsibilities)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/The_RACI_Template_Social_Posts_2022_4.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ux-roles-responsibilities)

</div>

Use a flexible responsibility-assignment matrix to clarify UX roles and
responsibilities, anticipate team collaboration points, and maintain
productivity in product development.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[42 things I learned from building a production
database](https://maheshba.bitbucket.io/blog/2021/10/19/42Things.html)

</div>

In 2017, I went to Facebook on a sabbatical from my faculty position at
Yale. I created a team to build a storage system called Delos at the
bottom of the Facebook stack (think of it as Facebook’s version of
Chubby). We hit production with a 3-person team in less than a year; and
subsequently scaled the team to 30+ engineers spanning multiple
sub-teams. In the four years that I led the team (until Spring 2021), we
did not experience a single severe outage (nothing higher than a SEV3).
The Delos design is well-documented in two academic papers (in OSDI 2020
and SOSP 2021). Delos is currently replacing all uses of ZooKeeper at
Facebook.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Research: How to Get Better at Killing Bad
Projects](https://hbr.org/2021/04/research-how-to-get-better-at-killing-bad-projects)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2021/04/Apr21_02_sb10067440A-002.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2021/04/research-how-to-get-better-at-killing-bad-projects)

</div>

Most innovation managers know that few of their initiatives will
succeed, so they keep multiple projects running at the same time and
create processes for quickly separating winners from losers. One popular
way to make decisions about what stays and what goes is the use of stage
gates. Yet, even with stage gates, firms struggle to kill bad projects.
The authors undertook a decade-long review of the product development
portfolio at former handset maker Sony Ericsson. They found that that
the conventional use of stage gates can actually be part of the problem,
impeding project discontinuation in counterintuitive ways.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make Boring Plans. You’re probably familiar with the… \| by Camille
Fournier](https://skamille.medium.com/make-boring-plans-9438ce5cb053)

</div>

You’re probably familiar with the concept of Choose Boring Technology.
If you’re not, I’ll wait for you to read the excellent blog post by…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Agile vs. Scrum vs. Kanban: Which Project Management Methodology is
Right F](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/agile-vs-scrum-vs-kanban)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://studio.uxpincdn.com/studio/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/BlogHeader_AgileScrumKanban_1200x600.png.webp)](https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/agile-vs-scrum-vs-kanban)

</div>

Choose the ideal project management methodology. Discover the difference
between agile, scrum, and kanban for project management.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://discotask.com/teams/49d338fb-02a4-4a2a-890f-489d2da9e321>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to avoid losses and prune projects
proactively](https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/strategy-and-corporate-finance/our-insights/how-to-avoid-losses-and-prune-projects-proactively)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/business%20functions/strategy%20and%20corporate%20finance/our%20insights/how%20to%20avoid%20losses%20and%20prune%20projects%20proactively/how-to-avoid-losses-and-prune-1536x1536-200.jpg)](https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/strategy-and-corporate-finance/our-insights/how-to-avoid-losses-and-prune-projects-proactively)

</div>

It’s common for companies to hang on for too long to projects or parts
of the business that are underperforming. Two effective techniques can
help executives make project investment decisions on when to hold on to
an asset and when to let it go.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Trusting the Process](http://boxesandarrows.com/trusting-the-process)

</div>

I am a firm believer that success starts with the statement of work
(SOW). An appropriate and attainable SOW determines whether my team of
UX designers and researchers get the time and activities we require to
fully understand a client’s needs and fashion a suitable solution.
Regrettably, we often work within overly prescriptive SOWs that dictate
a solution before we have a chance to understand the problem. One reason
projects are poorly scoped is our clients’ discomfort with ambiguity.
Clients

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Project Management Tools Comparison: Jira vs Trello vs MS Project vs
Baseca](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/digital/project-management-software)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8959695/og_image/optimized/0312-PMTools-Luke_Social-a7985b4daa18e5251af96531a68c863d.png)](https://www.toptal.com/project-managers/digital/project-management-software)

</div>

Project management software comparison websites list about 600 different
project management tools and choosing the right one can be
head-spinning. We provide a list of 6 essential Project Management tools
and insights on which types of projects they are most suited for.

</div>

</div>
