<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# purpose

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Leading a Meaningful Life through Storytelling
Skills](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/leading-a-meaningful-life-through-storytelling-skills/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.scientificamerican.com/dam/m/23d313e818b15336/original/Scheherazade_engraving_-in_Arabian_Nights_1892.jpg?m=1741272043.179&w=1200)](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/leading-a-meaningful-life-through-storytelling-skills/)

</div>

People who are rated as good storytellers exhibit a purpose-oriented
mindset and big-picture thinking more often than others

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Working with Purpose,
Forever](https://hakaimagazine.com/news/working-with-purpose-forever)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hakaimagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/header-succession-planning.jpg)](https://hakaimagazine.com/news/working-with-purpose-forever)

</div>

Or, how to keep shareholders from ruining your business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Purpose Of Life Is Not Happiness: It’s
Usefulness](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-purpose-of-life-is-not-happiness-it-s-usefulness)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fi2.wp.com%2Fdariusforoux.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2016%2F10%2FIMG_0106.png%3Ffit%3D665%252C499%26ssl%3D1)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-purpose-of-life-is-not-happiness-it-s-usefulness)

</div>

Happiness as an achievable goal is an illusion, but that doesn't mean
happiness itself is not attainable.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[“What do you do around
here?”](https://seths.blog/2023/01/what-do-you-do-around-here)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://seths.blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/seth_godin_ogimages_v02_18061311.jpg)](https://seths.blog/2023/01/what-do-you-do-around-here)

</div>

There are lots of useful, honest answers. Some might include: I do what
I’m told I challenge the status quo I show up on time I solve
complicated problems I absorb nonsense and create calm fo…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Urban Dictionary: Bumping the
lamp](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Bumping+the+lamp)

</div>

To go above and beyond expectations when completing a given
task/project. A genericized phrase originally used within the animation
industry and the film industry as a whole. Based on a scene from the
1988 mixed live-action/animated film 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit' in which
the main live-action character, Eddie Valiant, bumps into a ceiling lamp
whilst handcuffed to the main animated character, Roger Rabbit, causing
the lamp to continually swing back and forth throughout the remainder of
the scene. The term refers to how the animators went on to meticulously
hand-draw unique shadows for the animated character for every frame of
the scene. The phrase went on to become a company mythos for the Walt
Disney Company, then as a guiding principle within the greater film
industry, and now sees use generally.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Discover your Why: What I Learned from my Transition from CEO \|
Link](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-discover-your-why-what-i-learned-from-my-transition-brad-smith?trackingId=nO+mnidstLj4+8shVgc5yw==)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C5612AQFPT1ICsc1Nig/article-cover_image-shrink_600_2000/article-cover_image-shrink_600_2000/0/1571679754690?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=GQbiL0GKxwMUEi_5Grx-ka7C1XxP3b_k6tMz80OCt00)](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-discover-your-why-what-i-learned-from-my-transition-brad-smith?trackingId=nO+mnidstLj4+8shVgc5yw==)

</div>

Mark Twain once said that the two most important days in your life are
the day you are born, and the day that you discover why. My goal for
writing this article is to share an approach to discover (or in my case,
rediscover) your “why”.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to set smart goals: What science says about getting what you
want](http://www.getrichslowly.org/2017/12/26/smart-goals)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.getrichslowly.org/wp-content/uploads/32748018912_a0aa0fd01c.jpg)](http://www.getrichslowly.org/2017/12/26/smart-goals)

</div>

A lot of people set goals. A lot of people fail to achieve those goals.
That's a shame. Here's what science and research reveal about how to set
good goals.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[To Find Meaning in Your Work, Change How You Think About
It](https://hbr.org/2017/12/to-find-meaning-in-your-work-change-how-you-think-about-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2017/12/dec17-25-sam-austin-2663861.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2017/12/to-find-meaning-in-your-work-change-how-you-think-about-it)

</div>

For most people, purpose at work is built not found. Working with a
sense of purpose day-in and day-out is an act of will that takes
thoughtfulness and practice.  How do you consciously endow your work
with purpose? First, connect work to service. Ask yourself, who do I
serve? Connecting your day-to-day jobs — consciously and concretely — to
those we’re ultimately serving makes completing that work more
purposeful. Next, craft your work – and make work a craft. Shape your
tasks to make them more meaningful, and dedicate yourself to learning
perfecting key skills in the role. Then, invest in positive
relationships by developing collegial relationships at work. Finally,
remember why you work. Identify the person or group of people in your
personal life that your work is in service for, and keep them in mind
when you work through even the most tedious of tasks. Purpose isn’t
magic — it’s something we must consciously pursue and create. With the
right approach, almost any job can be meaningful.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[You Don’t Find Your Purpose — You Build
It](https://hbr.org/2017/10/you-dont-find-your-purpose-you-build-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2017/10/oct17-20-545796089-Damien-Gavios-EyeEm.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2017/10/you-dont-find-your-purpose-you-build-it)

</div>

We’re all looking for purpose. Most of us feel that we’ve never found
it, we’ve lost it, or in some way we’re falling short. But in the midst
of all this angst, we’re also suffering from fundamental misconceptions
about purpose. Challenging these misconceptions could help us develop a
more rounded vision of purpose. The first misconception is that purpose
is a thing you find. Purpose is a thing you build, not a thing you find.
The second misconception is that purpose is a single thing. Most of us
will have multiple sources of purpose in our lives — in our work,
family, or community, for instance. Acknowledging these multiple sources
of purpose takes the pressure off of finding a single thing to give our
lives meaning. The last misconception is that purpose is stable over
time. Just as we all find meaning in multiple places, the sources of
that meaning can and do change over time.

</div>

</div>
