<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# python

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Redis with
Python](https://blog.appsignal.com/2025/08/20/how-to-use-redis-with-python.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkhvdyB0byBVc2UgUmVkaXMgd2l0aCBQeXRob24ifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJpbWFnZSIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLWdvM2F4OTc5ei1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvYmxvZy8yMDI1LTA4L3JlZGlzLXdpdGgtcHl0aG9uLmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1nbzNheDk3OXotYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=799b5963d5f4c322ecc55dde356d3d60de8d302acd4c51d12625fe778a8ffd4a)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2025/08/20/how-to-use-redis-with-python.html)

</div>

We'll learn how to use Redis in Python with a step-by-step tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mircus/HyperCat: a python library for cats and
hypercats](https://github.com/Mircus/HyperCat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/93522b4a5e57205cc0bca665b11b1eb02b85e2a1bed3f506088ec423313250be/Mircus/HyperCat)](https://github.com/Mircus/HyperCat)

</div>

a python library for cats and hypercats

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Writing Your First GPU Kernel in Python with Numba and CUDA -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/writing-your-first-gpu-kernel-in-python-with-numba-and-cuda)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/a-clean-vector-illustration-diagram-comp_Tz_o2ZHbQQanglazWiH3cw_IWJ0NepSQi6DkXbE8nWVYA.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/writing-your-first-gpu-kernel-in-python-with-numba-and-cuda)

</div>

80x Faster Python? Discover How One Line Turns Your Code Into a GPU
Beast!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pyx: a Python-native package registry, now in
Beta](https://astral.sh/blog/introducing-pyx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://astral.sh/static/OpenGraph/pyx.png)](https://astral.sh/blog/introducing-pyx)

</div>

pyx is a Python-native package registry from the creators of uv.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[google/langextract: A Python library for extracting structured
information from unstructured text using LLMs with precise source
grounding and interactive
visualization.](https://github.com/google/langextract)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/198b1893e0a9faa86b2e32b94efb8e8d9f0e1027da73c36fc618f749f937ac9b/google/langextract)](https://github.com/google/langextract)

</div>

A Python library for extracting structured information from unstructured
text using LLMs with precise source grounding and interactive
visualization. - google/langextract

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Python is Fighting Open Source's 'Phantom' Dependencies Problem -
Slashdot](https://developers.slashdot.org/story/25/08/11/025214/how-python-is-fighting-open-sources-phantom-dependencies-problem?utm_source=feedly1.0mainlinkanon&utm_medium=feed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/python_64.png)](https://developers.slashdot.org/story/25/08/11/025214/how-python-is-fighting-open-sources-phantom-dependencies-problem?utm_source=feedly1.0mainlinkanon&utm_medium=feed)

</div>

Since 2023 the Python Software Foundation has had a Security
Developer-in-Residence (sponsored by the Open Source Security
Foundation's vulnerability-finding "Alpha-Omega" project). And he's just
published a new 11-page white paper about open source's "phantom
dependencies" problem — suggestin...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Case for Makefiles in Python Projects (And How to Get
Started)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/the-case-for-makefiles-in-python-projects-and-how-to-get-started)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/bala-makefiles-python.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/the-case-for-makefiles-in-python-projects-and-how-to-get-started)

</div>

Most Python projects rely on scattered scripts and commands. Learn how
makefiles pulls it all together into one clean, repeatable workflow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python One-Liners for Statistical
Plotting](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-for-statistical-plotting/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/sta-ferrer-10-python-one-liners-statistical-plotting-1024x683.png)](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-for-statistical-plotting/)

</div>

Master fast, powerful ways to visualize data with these compact,
ready-to-use Python one-liners.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I’m Switching to Python and Actually Liking
It](https://www.cesarsotovalero.net/blog/i-am-switching-to-python-and-actually-liking-it.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cesarsotovalero.net/img/posts/2025/2025-07-15/wall-stones_cover.JPG)](https://www.cesarsotovalero.net/blog/i-am-switching-to-python-and-actually-liking-it.html)

</div>

I’ve started writing more Python code lately (because of… AI, you know).
In this post, I share the tools, libraries, configs, and other
integrations I use for building production-grade Python applications
following a frontend-backend architecture.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python functools & itertools: 7 Super Handy Tools for Smarter
Code](https://www.kdnuggets.com/python-functools-itertools-7-super-handy-tools-for-smarter-code)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/BALA-python-functools-itertools.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/python-functools-itertools-7-super-handy-tools-for-smarter-code)

</div>

Want to code smarter, not harder? Start using these 7 utilities from
Python's functools and itertools that are useful, practical, and
elegant!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Manage Python Virtual Environments for Data
Projects](https://www.statology.org/how-to-manage-python-virtual-environments-for-data-projects/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/How-to-Manage-Python-Virtual-Environments-for-Data-Projects.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-manage-python-virtual-environments-for-data-projects/)

</div>

Tired of breaking your Python setup? Learn how virtual environments keep
everything organized and working smoothly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[uv: An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in
Rust \| Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=44357411)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Must-Know Python Libraries for MLOps in
2025](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-must-know-python-libraries-for-mlops-in-2025/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/mlm-10-python-libraries-mlops.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-must-know-python-libraries-for-mlops-in-2025/)

</div>

In this article, we’ll explore 10 Python libraries that every machine
learning professional should know in 2025.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Visualize Skewness and Kurtosis in
Python](https://www.statology.org/how-to-visualize-skewness-and-kurtosis-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/sta-kurtosis-skewness-visualize.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-visualize-skewness-and-kurtosis-in-python/)

</div>

In this article, you will learn how to visualize skewness and kurtosis
using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Kalman Filters for Time Series Analysis in
Python](https://www.statology.org/how-to-use-kalman-filters-for-time-series-analysis-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/KD-How-to-Use-Kalman-Filters-for-Time-Series-Analysis-in-Python.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-use-kalman-filters-for-time-series-analysis-in-python/)

</div>

The Kalman filter records the system's estimated state and the
estimate's variance or uncertainty.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why and How to Containerize Your Existing Python
Apps](https://www.kdnuggets.com/why-how-to-containerize-your-existing-python-apps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/bala-containerize-python-apps-how-why.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/why-how-to-containerize-your-existing-python-apps)

</div>

Containerize your Python apps to eliminate environment issues and
simplify deployment. This guide shows you why it helps and how to get
started with Docker.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python One-Liners to Run Common Statistical
Tests](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-to-run-common-statistical-tests/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sta-10-python-one-liners-stats-tests.png)](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-to-run-common-statistical-tests/)

</div>

In this article, we'll explore 10 Python one-liners that showcase the
progression from basic statistical tests to sophisticated analyses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Python Functions You're Probably Misusing (And Don't Realize It) -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/7-python-functions-youre-probably-misusing-and-dont-realize-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/bala-misused-python-functions.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/7-python-functions-youre-probably-misusing-and-dont-realize-it)

</div>

These common Python functions seem simple… until they aren’t. Avoid
subtle bugs by learning how to use them the right way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statology Sprint: Building Spatial Analysis Skills with
GeoPandas](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-building-spatial-analysis-skills-with-geopandas/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sta-sprint-geopandas.png)](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-building-spatial-analysis-skills-with-geopandas/)

</div>

Learn to transform geographic data into actionable insights using
GeoPandas. From basic maps to finding Chicago's health deserts —
complete tutorial inside.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Geospatial Clustering with
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/04/22/geospatial-clustering-with-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/A-Guide-to-Geospatial-Clustering-using-Python.png?fit=1200%2C628&ssl=1)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/04/22/geospatial-clustering-with-python/)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a practical guide to geospatial
clustering with Python. Geospatial Clustering with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building End-to-End Data Pipelines with Dask -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-end-to-end-data-pipelines-with-dask)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Building-End-to-End-Data-Pipelines-with-Dask_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/building-end-to-end-data-pipelines-with-dask)

</div>

Learn how to implement a parallelization process in your data pipeline.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Patterns for Intermediate Data
Scientists](https://www.kdnuggets.com/breaking-out-of-beginner-python-patterns-for-intermediate-data-scientists)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Breaking-Out-of-Beginner-Python-Patterns-for-Intermediate-Data-Scientists_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/breaking-out-of-beginner-python-patterns-for-intermediate-data-scientists)

</div>

Learn to leverage Python patterns like a professional.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[14 Advanced Python
Features](https://blog.edward-li.com/tech/advanced-python-features/)

</div>

Python is one of the most widely adopted programming languages in the
world. Yet, because of it’s ease and simplicity to just “get something
working”, it’s also one of the most underappreciated. If you search for
Top 10 Advanced Python Tricks on Google or any other search engine,
you’ll find tons of blogs or LinkedIn articles going over trivial (but
still useful) things like generators or tuples. However, as someone
who’s written Python for the past 12 years, I’ve come across a lot of
really interesting, underrated, unique, or (as some might say)
“un-pythonic” tricks to really level up what Python can do.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pydantic-ai/mcp-run-python at main ·
pydantic/pydantic-ai](https://github.com/pydantic/pydantic-ai/tree/main/mcp-run-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3ad1752f9899c9c5ec4ab38e195ea281753a472f205674e76c40b80f724929a4/pydantic/pydantic-ai)](https://github.com/pydantic/pydantic-ai/tree/main/mcp-run-python)

</div>

Agent Framework / shim to use Pydantic with LLMs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statology Sprint: Advanced Synthetic Data Generation with
Faker](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-advanced-synthetic-data-generation-with-faker/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/sta-sprint-faker-2.png)](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-advanced-synthetic-data-generation-with-faker/)

</div>

This Statology Sprint brings together our most valuable content on
Faker, Python's powerful synthetic data generation library, to help you
create realistic, privacy-compliant test data for your projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to
statsmodels](https://www.statology.org/introduction-to-statsmodels/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/sta-intro-to-statsmodels.png)](https://www.statology.org/introduction-to-statsmodels/)

</div>

This article explains its features, installation, and how to use it with
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complete Guide: Working with CSV/Excel Files and EDA in
Python](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/11/complete-guide-working-with-csv-excel-files-and-eda-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Screenshot-2025-04-11-at-12.17.20%E2%80%AFAM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/04/11/complete-guide-working-with-csv-excel-files-and-eda-in-python/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Must-Know Python Libraries for LLMs in
2025](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-must-know-python-libraries-for-llms-in-2025/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/mlm-blast-off-10-llm-python-libs.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-must-know-python-libraries-for-llms-in-2025/)

</div>

In this article, we explore 10 of the Python libraries every developer
should know in 2025.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Vectorize in Python (With
Example)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-vectorize-in-python-with-example/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/sta-vectorize-python.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-vectorize-in-python-with-example/)

</div>

In this article, we will explore different vectorized operations with
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.statology.org/how-to-effectively-work-with-excel-files-in-python-pandas-vs-openpyxl-guide/>

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/sta-openpyxl-02.png)](https://www.statology.org/how-to-effectively-work-with-excel-files-in-python-pandas-vs-openpyxl-guide/)

</div>

In this article, we'll explore when and why you might want to use
openpyxl directly, and understand its relationship with pandas.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Packaging a Python App to Executable .deb
Binary](https://linuxhandbook.com/package-python-app-deb/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2025/03/packaging-a-python-app-deb-archive.webp)](https://linuxhandbook.com/package-python-app-deb/)

</div>

I am sharing how I packaged my python application into an executable
.deb package in this tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Analytics Projects on Various
Domains](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/03/15/data-analytics-projects-on-various-domains/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/50-Data-Analytics-Projects-on-Various-Domains.png?fit=1075%2C830&ssl=1)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/03/15/data-analytics-projects-on-various-domains/)

</div>

In this article, I'll walk you through a list of 50 Data Analytics
projects on various domains to help you gain practical expertise.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Step-by-Step Guide to Setting Up a Custom BPE Tokenizer with Tiktoken
for Advanced NLP Applications in
Python](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/02/16/a-step-by-step-guide-to-setting-up-a-custom-bpe-tokenizer-with-tiktoken-for-advanced-nlp-applications-in-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/Screenshot-2025-02-16-at-10.17.33%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2025/02/16/a-step-by-step-guide-to-setting-up-a-custom-bpe-tokenizer-with-tiktoken-for-advanced-nlp-applications-in-python/)

</div>

A Step-by-Step Guide to Setting Up a Custom BPE Tokenizer with Tiktoken
for Advanced NLP Applications in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started with Python’s asyncio Library -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/getting-started-with-pythons-asyncio-library)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Getting-Started-with-Pythons-_%E2%80%AFasyncio%E2%80%AF_-Library.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/getting-started-with-pythons-asyncio-library)

</div>

Check out this guide to learn how you can use asyncio for asynchronous
programming in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[50+ Projects to Learn Data Analysis \| Aman
Kharwal](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/02/07/50-projects-to-learn-data-analysis/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/50-Projects-to-Learn-Data-Analysis.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/02/07/50-projects-to-learn-data-analysis/)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a list of 50+ Data Analysis
Projects you should try to learn Data Analysis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Little-Known Python Libraries That Will Make You Feel Like a Data
Wizard -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-little-known-python-libraries-data-wizard)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Ferrer_10_little_known_libraries1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-little-known-python-libraries-data-wizard)

</div>

In this article, I will introduce you to 10 little-known Python
libraries every data scientist should know.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite-s3vfs](https://simonwillison.net/2025/Feb/7/sqlite-s3vfs/#atom-everything)

</div>

Neat open source project on the GitHub organisation for the UK
government's Department for Business and Trade: a "Python virtual
filesystem for SQLite to read from and write to S3." …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using pip to install a Large Language Model that’s under
100MB](https://simonwillison.net/2025/Feb/7/pip-install-llm-smollm2/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.simonwillison.net/static/2025/smol-card.jpg)](https://simonwillison.net/2025/Feb/7/pip-install-llm-smollm2/)

</div>

I just released llm-smollm2, a new plugin for LLM that bundles a
quantized copy of the SmolLM2-135M-Instruct LLM inside of the Python
package. This means you can now pip install …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[80+ Data Science Projects \| Aman
Kharwal](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/01/31/80-data-science-projects/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/80-Hands-on-Data-Science-Projects.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/01/31/80-data-science-projects/)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a list of 80+ hands-on Data
Science projects you should try to learn everything in Data Science.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[50+ AI & ML Projects with Python \| Aman
Kharwal](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/01/24/50-ai-ml-projects-with-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/50-AI-ML-Projects-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2025/01/24/50-ai-ml-projects-with-python/)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a list of 50+ AI & ML projects
solved & explained with Python that you should try.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implementing A Byte Pair Encoding (BPE) Tokenizer From
Scratch](https://sebastianraschka.com/blog/2025/bpe-from-scratch.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sebastianraschka.com/images/LLMs-from-scratch-images/bonus/bpe-from-scratch/bpe-overview.jpg)](https://sebastianraschka.com/blog/2025/bpe-from-scratch.html)

</div>

This is a standalone notebook implementing the popular byte pair
encoding (BPE) tokenization algorithm, which is used in models like
GPT-2 to GPT-4, Llama 3,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Processing With the Python Pillow Library – Real
Python](https://realpython.com/image-processing-with-the-python-pillow-library/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.realpython.com/media/Image-Processing-in-Python-With-Pillow_Watermarked.b86d7e55f981.jpg)](https://realpython.com/image-processing-with-the-python-pillow-library/)

</div>

In this step-by-step tutorial, you'll learn how to use the Python Pillow
library to deal with images and perform image processing. You'll also
explore using NumPy for further processing, including to create
animations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Demand Forecasting with Darts: A
Tutorial](https://towardsdatascience.com/demand-forecasting-with-darts-a-tutorial-480ba5c24377?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*TilnNTIouEF9WbZQ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/demand-forecasting-with-darts-a-tutorial-480ba5c24377?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A hands-on tutorial with Python and Darts for demand forecasting,
showcasing the power of TiDE and TFT

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CMU Researchers Introduce TNNGen: An AI Framework that Automates Design
of Temporal Neural Networks (TNNs) from PyTorch Software Models to
Post-Layout
Netlists](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/12/29/cmu-researchers-introduce-tnngen-an-ai-framework-that-automates-design-of-temporal-neural-networks-tnns-from-pytorch-software-models-to-post-layout-netlists/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/Screenshot-2024-12-29-at-10.39.03%E2%80%AFPM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/12/29/cmu-researchers-introduce-tnngen-an-ai-framework-that-automates-design-of-temporal-neural-networks-tnns-from-pytorch-software-models-to-post-layout-netlists/)

</div>

Designing neuromorphic sensory processing units (NSPUs) based on
Temporal Neural Networks (TNNs) is a highly challenging task due to the
reliance on manual, labor-intensive hardware development processes. TNNs
have been identified as highly promising for real-time edge AI
applications, mainly because they are energy-efficient and bio-inspired.
However, available methodologies lack automation and are not very
accessible. Consequently, the design process becomes complex,
time-consuming, and requires specialized knowledge. It is through
overcoming these challenges that one can unlock the full potential of
TNNs for efficient and scalable processing of sensory signals.  The
current approaches to TNN development are fragmented workflows, as

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Flask — Flask Documentation
(3.1.x)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/_images/flask-horizontal.png)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Dask: The Python Data Scientist's Power Tool -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/introduction-dask-python-data-scientist-power-tool)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/dask_feature_img.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/introduction-dask-python-data-scientist-power-tool)

</div>

Ever wondered how to handle large data without slowing down your
computer? Let’s learn about Dask, a tool that helps you work with large
data quickly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[75 Data Science Projects with Python \| Aman
Kharwal](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/12/20/75-data-science-projects-with-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/75-Projects-to-Master-Data-Science-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/12/20/75-data-science-projects-with-python/)

</div>

In this article, I’ll take you through a list of 75 guided projects to
master Data Science with Python. 75 Data Science Projects with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Essential Python Libraries for MLOps -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/7-essential-python-libraries-mlops)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/awan_7_essential_python_libraries_mlops_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/7-essential-python-libraries-mlops)

</div>

Popular MLOps Python tools that will make machine learning model
deployment a piece of cake.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python
One-Liners](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-python-one-liners-that-will-boost-your-data-science-workflow/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/mlm-10-python-one-liners-data-science-workflow.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/10-python-one-liners-that-will-boost-your-data-science-workflow/)

</div>

\[caption align=

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Curated List of 57 Amazing GitHub Repositories for Every Python
Developer](https://janifaangla-473.medium.com/a-curated-list-of-57-amazing-github-repositories-for-every-python-developer-f8546b70a0bc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*mM6vDz408Jj2Taw6.jpeg)](https://janifaangla-473.medium.com/a-curated-list-of-57-amazing-github-repositories-for-every-python-developer-f8546b70a0bc)

</div>

Photo by Luke Chesser on Unsplash

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Essential Python Libraries for Data Science in
2024](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-essential-python-libraries-for-data-science-in-2024)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Rosidi_10_Essential_Python_Libraries_for_DS_in_2024_3.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/10-essential-python-libraries-for-data-science-in-2024)

</div>

The richness of Python’s ecosystem has one downside – it makes it
difficult to decide which libraries are the best for your needs. This
article is an attempt to amend this by suggesting ten (and some more, as
a bonus) libraries that are an absolute must in data science.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM): How to Avoid Biased Channel
Estimates](https://towardsdatascience.com/marketing-mix-modeling-mmm-how-to-avoid-biased-channel-estimates-f9201fc3e91d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*HojAeCqsrX-W2e61iKlt_Q.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/marketing-mix-modeling-mmm-how-to-avoid-biased-channel-estimates-f9201fc3e91d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn which variables you should and should not take into account in
your model.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Are Python Ternary Operators and How Do You Use
Them?](https://thenewstack.io/what-are-python-ternary-operators-and-how-do-you-use-them/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/10/555f1efb-david-clode-i0gtoqo_t80-unsplash-1.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/what-are-python-ternary-operators-and-how-do-you-use-them/)

</div>

When you need to assign a value to a variable, based on a single
condition, and you want to keep your code short and sweet, a ternary
operator might be your best option.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[MinerU: An Open-Source PDF Data Extraction
Tool](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/10/05/mineru-an-open-source-pdf-data-extraction-tool)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Screenshot-2024-10-04-at-11.55.22-PM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/10/05/mineru-an-open-source-pdf-data-extraction-tool)

</div>

Extracting structured data from unstructured sources like PDFs,
webpages, and e-books is a significant challenge. Unstructured data is
common in many fields, and manually extracting relevant details can be
time-consuming, prone to errors, and inefficient, especially when
dealing with large amounts of data. As unstructured data continues to
grow exponentially, traditional manual extraction methods have become
impractical and error-prone. The complexity of unstructured data in
various industries that rely on structured data for analysis, research,
and content creation. Current methods for extracting data from
unstructured sources, including regular expressions and rule-based
systems, are often limited by their inability to maintain

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Document Analysis using LLMs with Python \| Aman
Kharwal](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/10/21/document-analysis-using-llms-with-python/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Learn-how-to-Analyze-Large-Documents-using-LLMs.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/10/21/document-analysis-using-llms-with-python/)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of document analysis
using LLMs with Python. Document Analysis using LLMs with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Computing Minimum Sample Size for A/B Tests in Statsmodels: How and
Why](https://towardsdatascience.com/computing-minimum-sample-size-for-a-b-tests-in-statsmodels-how-and-why-398e357945d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*kYnWmzf0MmNDNSIVEbprlA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/computing-minimum-sample-size-for-a-b-tests-in-statsmodels-how-and-why-398e357945d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A deep-dive into how and why Statsmodels uses numerical optimization
instead of closed-form formulas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A/B Testing — A complete guide to statistical
testing](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-testing-a-complete-guide-to-statistical-testing-e3f1db140499?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*cQOmpvcO_hKWHoB1sQNXYg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-b-testing-a-complete-guide-to-statistical-testing-e3f1db140499?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Optimizing web marketing strategies through statistical testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AB_Testing/AB_Testing.ipynb at main ·
bjpcjp/AB_Testing](https://github.com/bjpcjp/AB_Testing/blob/main/AB_Testing.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/60fd065c3f7227d12b510302a435b66d18687b350e2877f88aa901c7a8ca8830/bjpcjp/AB_Testing)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/AB_Testing/blob/main/AB_Testing.ipynb)

</div>

A/B Testing — A complete guide to statistical testing -
bjpcjp/AB_Testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[AI & ML Projects with
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/10/11/ai-ml-projects-with-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/40-Projects-to-Master-AI-ML-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/10/11/ai-ml-projects-with-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a list of guided projects to
master AI & ML with Python. AI & ML Projects with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beginner’s Guide to
FastAPI](https://www.kdnuggets.com/beginners-guide-to-fastapi)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/Screen-Shot-2024-06-14-at-20.22.20.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/beginners-guide-to-fastapi)

</div>

FastApi is a contemporary web framework designed for creating RESTful
APIs with Python 3.8 or later.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Everything you need to know about Python 3.13 – JIT and GIL went up the
hill \| drew's dev
blog](https://drew.silcock.dev/blog/everything-you-need-to-know-about-python-3-13)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://drew.silcock.dev/open-graph/blog/everything-you-need-to-know-about-python-3-13.png)](https://drew.silcock.dev/blog/everything-you-need-to-know-about-python-3-13)

</div>

All you need to know about the latest Python release including Global
Interpreter Lock and Just-in-Time compilation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[rerankers: A Lightweight Python Library to Unify Ranking Methods –
Answer.AI](https://www.answer.ai/posts/2024-09-16-rerankers.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.answer.ai/posts/images/rerankers/rerankers_map.png)](https://www.answer.ai/posts/2024-09-16-rerankers.html)

</div>

Re-ranking is an integral component of many retrieval pipelines;
however, there exist numerous approaches to it, all with different
implementation methods. To mitigate this, we propose rerankers, a Python
library which provides a simple, easy-to-use interface to all commonly
used re-ranking approaches.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Partial Functions in Python: A Guide for
Developers](https://www.kdnuggets.com/partial-functions-in-python-a-guide-for-developers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/fimg-partial-func.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/partial-functions-in-python-a-guide-for-developers)

</div>

Learn how to simplify your Python code using partial functions to create
more flexible, reusable, and concise function calls

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Graphiti: A Python Library for Building Temporal Knowledge Graphs Using
LLMs](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/14/graphiti-a-python-library-for-building-temporal-knowledge-graphs-using-llms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/Screenshot-2024-09-13-at-10.36.15-PM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/14/graphiti-a-python-library-for-building-temporal-knowledge-graphs-using-llms)

</div>

The challenge of managing and recalling facts from complex, evolving
conversations is a key problem for many AI-driven applications. As
information grows and changes over time, maintaining accurate context
becomes increasingly difficult. Current systems often struggle to handle
the evolving nature of relationships and facts, leading to incomplete or
irrelevant results when retrieving information. This can affect the
effectiveness of AI agents, especially when dealing with user memories
and context in real-time applications. Some existing solutions have
attempted to address this problem. One common approach is using a
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipeline, which involves storing
extracted facts and using techniques

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gradio Documentation](https://www.gradio.app/docs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gradio-app/gradio/main/js/_website/src/lib/assets/img/header-image.jpg)](https://www.gradio.app/docs)

</div>

Documentation, tutorials and guides for the Gradio ecosystem..

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyMuPDF 1.24.10
documentation](https://pymupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest)

</div>

PyMuPDF is a high-performance Python library for data extraction,
analysis, conversion & manipulation of PDF (and other) documents.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lesser known parts of Python standard library – Trickster
Dev](https://www.trickster.dev/post/lesser-known-parts-of-python-standard-library)

</div>

Code level discussion of web scraping, gray hat automation, growth
hacking and bounty hunting

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python's GIL, Multithreading and
Multiprocessing](https://thenewstack.io/pythons-gil-multithreading-and-multiprocessing/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/10/de7d69af-mariia-shalabaieva-zvc8a0crtz0-unsplash.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/pythons-gil-multithreading-and-multiprocessing/)

</div>

This tutorial explains the Python global interpreter lock (GIL), which
prevents multiple threads from executing Python code at the same time.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Python Engineer’s Introduction To 3D Gaussian Splatting (Part
1)](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-1-e133b0449fc6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*0aNkM8EHNVuinS6rz3XFTg.jpeg)](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-1-e133b0449fc6)

</div>

Understanding and coding Gaussian Splatting from a Python Engineer’s
perspective

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Python Engineer’s Introduction to 3D Gaussian Splatting (Part
2)](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-2-7e45b270c1df)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:516/0*-wP_ZwCSOMbzWKgL)](https://medium.com/towards-data-science/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-2-7e45b270c1df)

</div>

Understanding and coding how Gaussian’s are used within 3D Gaussian
Splatting

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Python Engineer’s Introduction to 3D Gaussian Splatting (Part
3)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-3-398d36ccdd90?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:772/1*pfbEJiTD7ZZ7p1GCAozT1Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-python-engineers-introduction-to-3d-gaussian-splatting-part-3-398d36ccdd90?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Part 3 of our Gaussian Splatting tutorial, showing how to render splats
onto a 2D image.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Full Guide to Building a Professional Portfolio with Python, Markdown,
Git,](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*EKjjNXRZY7FQKGzB)](https://towardsdatascience.com/full-guide-to-build-a-professionnal-portfolio-with-python-markdown-git-and-github-page-for-66d12f7859f0)

</div>

This article is a end-to-end guide to build a professional portfolio for
developpers and data workers based on github page.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PacktPublishing/Modern-Graph-Theory-Algorithms-with-Python](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Modern-Graph-Theory-Algorithms-with-Python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/d1965aabe94e02fc2a6aea151721681a19dbcec017abe09ff24588c0cb53a291/PacktPublishing/Modern-Graph-Theory-Algorithms-with-Python)](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Modern-Graph-Theory-Algorithms-with-Python)

</div>

Modern Graph Theory Algorithms with Python, published by Packt -
PacktPublishing/Modern-Graph-Theory-Algorithms-with-Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Customer Satisfaction Analysis with
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/Analyzing-Customer-Satisfaction-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/07/29/customer-satisfaction-analysis-with-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Customer Satisfaction
Analysis with Python. Customer Satisfaction Analysis with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing ‘Mark’, a Markdown CLI tool for GPT4o \| Ryan
Elston](https://relston.github.io/markdown/gpt4o/cli/2024/06/07/introducing-mark.html)

</div>

Introduction In this post, I want to introduce Mark, a simple CLI tool
that uses Markdown and its syntax to interact naturally with the
GPT4-vision/GPT4o models.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding and Implementing Genetic Algorithms in
Python](https://www.kdnuggets.com/understanding-and-implementing-genetic-algorithms-in-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/mermaid-diagram-2024-06-23-203151.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/understanding-and-implementing-genetic-algorithms-in-python)

</div>

Understanding what genetic algorithms are and how they can be
implemented in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BM25S: A Python Package that Implements the BM25 Algorithm for Ranking
Docu](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/06/23/bm25s-a-python-package-that-implements-the-bm25-algorithm-for-ranking-documents-based-on-a-query)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Screenshot-2024-06-23-at-12.03.20-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/06/23/bm25s-a-python-package-that-implements-the-bm25-algorithm-for-ranking-documents-based-on-a-query)

</div>

In the era of vast data, information retrieval is crucial for search
engines, recommender systems, and any application that needs to find
documents based on their content. The process involves three key
challenges: relevance assessment, document ranking, and efficiency. The
recently introduced Python library that implements the BM25 algorithm,
BM25S addresses the challenge of efficient and effective information
retrieval, particularly the need for ranking documents in response to
user queries. The goal is to enhance the speed and memory efficiency of
the BM25 algorithm, a standard method for ranking documents by their
relevance to a query. Current methods for implementing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lessons Learned from Scaling to Multi-Terabyte
Datasets](https://v2thegreat.com/2024/06/19/lessons-learned-from-scaling-to-multi-terabyte-datasets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://v2thegreat.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/image-6.png)](https://v2thegreat.com/2024/06/19/lessons-learned-from-scaling-to-multi-terabyte-datasets)

</div>

This post is meant to guide you through some of the lessons I’ve learned
while working with multi-terabyte datasets. The lessons shared are
focused on what someone may face as the size of the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Recommendation Algorithms You Should
Know](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/06/18/recommendation-algorithms-you-should-know)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Recommendation-Algorithms-with-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/06/18/recommendation-algorithms-you-should-know)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the recommendation algorithms you
should know and how to implement them using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://www.perplexity.ai/search/I-have-a-4u4uJ147QbKox0QIGDIEIA#12>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python's many command-line
utilities](https://www.pythonmorsels.com/cli-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pythonmorsels.s3.amazonaws.com/twitter_image/cli-tools/cli-tools.png)](https://www.pythonmorsels.com/cli-tools)

</div>

Every command-line tool included with Python. These can be run with
python -m module_name.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python venv: How To Create, Activate, Deactivate, And Delete • Python
Land](https://python.land/virtual-environments/virtualenv)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://python.land/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/python-virtual-environments.png)](https://python.land/virtual-environments/virtualenv)

</div>

How to create, activate, use, and delete a Python venv on Windows,
Linux, and MacOS. We'll also look at how a Python venv works internally.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Working with SQLite Databases in
Python](https://www.kdnuggets.com/a-guide-to-working-with-sqlite-databases-in-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/bala-sqlite.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/a-guide-to-working-with-sqlite-databases-in-python)

</div>

Get started with SQLite databases in Python using the built-in sqlite3
module.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Python: 7 Strategies for Writing Clear, Organized, and
Efficient](https://www.kdnuggets.com/mastering-python-7-strategies-for-writing-clear-organized-and-efficient-code)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/mehreen_mastering_python_7_strategies_for_writing_clear_organized_and_efficient_code_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/mastering-python-7-strategies-for-writing-clear-organized-and-efficient-code)

</div>

Optimize Your Python Workflow: Proven Techniques for Crafting
Production-Ready Code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python Packages Revolutionizing Data Science
Workflow](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/15/10-python-packages-revolutionizing-data-science-workflow)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Screenshot-2024-05-15-at-12.47.08-AM-1024x882.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/15/10-python-packages-revolutionizing-data-science-workflow)

</div>

In the vast world of data science, countless tools are available to help
analysts and researchers make sense of data and build powerful
machine-learning models. While some tools are widely known and used,
others might not be as familiar to many. Here are the ten great Python
packages that can significantly enhance your workflow. 1. LazyPredict:
LazyPredict is all about efficiency. It allows the training, testing,
and evaluation of multiple machine-learning models simultaneously with
just a few lines of code. Whether one is working on regression or
classification tasks, LazyPredict streamlines the process and helps find
the best model for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Use Pyscript To Create Python Web
Apps](https://thenewstack.io/how-to-use-pyscript-to-create-python-web-apps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/05/40cb9c0f-line-1184810_1280.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/how-to-use-pyscript-to-create-python-web-apps)

</div>

With the help of PyScript, you can develop rich frontends with Python
for the web and even make use of various Python modules.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Extract text from a
PDF](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2024/04/20/extract-text-from-a-pdf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/twittercard.png)](https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2024/04/20/extract-text-from-a-pdf)

</div>

Extracting text from a PDF file using GNU less or Python's pypdf. Why
its not entirely clear just what a text extractor should do.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create and Use Requirements.txt in
Python](https://dev.to/wesleybertipaglia/how-to-create-and-use-requirementstxt-in-python-19g7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fuo5fprppw6auodzgsruu.jpg)](https://dev.to/wesleybertipaglia/how-to-create-and-use-requirementstxt-in-python-19g7)

</div>

After setting up your Python project, creating a requirements.txt file
is essential for simplifying...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SciPy 1.13.0 Release Notes — SciPy v1.14.0.dev
Manual](https://scipy.github.io/devdocs/release/1.13.0-notes.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Data Structures: Sets, Tuples, and
Comprehensions](https://dev.to/romulogatto/advanced-data-structures-sets-tuples-and-comprehensions-31og)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvwnukhk0fm1ip3evhdim.png)](https://dev.to/romulogatto/advanced-data-structures-sets-tuples-and-comprehensions-31og)

</div>

Advanced Data Structures: Sets, Tuples, and Comprehensions In the world
of programming,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Best Python Cheat
Sheet](https://kieranholland.com/best-python-cheat-sheet)

</div>

A dense Python cheat sheet with just what you need. Comprehensive but
selective coverage of core Python, with links to detailed documentation
and resources. Responsive design with light and dark modes. Download and
print PDF. Feedback is welcome.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Essential Formulas for Data Science in
Finance](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/04/02/essential-formulas-for-data-science-in-finance)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/5-Essential-Formulas-for-Data-Science-in-Finance.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/04/02/essential-formulas-for-data-science-in-finance)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through a guide to some essential
formulas for Data Science in finance with implementation using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modular Open-Sources Mojo: The Programming Language that Turns Python
into](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/03/31/modular-open-sources-mojo-the-programming-language-that-turns-python-into-a-beast)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Blog-Banner.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/03/31/modular-open-sources-mojo-the-programming-language-that-turns-python-into-a-beast)

</div>

In the rapidly evolving world of technology and artificial intelligence,
a new development has emerged that promises to impact the Python and AI
communities significantly. Modular, a pioneering tech firm, has
announced the open-sourcing of Mojo, a programming language designed to
enhance Python's capabilities, allowing developers to write code that
scales 'all the way down to metal code.' This move is set to transform
Python programming, offering unprecedented speed and efficiency. Modular
has long championed open-source principles, and the release of Mojo
under the Apache 2 license represents a significant step towards
fulfilling its vision. Since its initial release in

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tiny Python Projects](https://tinypythonprojects.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) from scratch. Simplest explanation in
pyt](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-the-hell-is-particle-swarm-optimization-pso-simplest-explanation-in-python-be296fc3b1ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ufjlAeNxGSWpPj8S)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-the-hell-is-particle-swarm-optimization-pso-simplest-explanation-in-python-be296fc3b1ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to implement PSO

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Duck Typing in Python: Writing Flexible and Decoupled
Code](https://realpython.com/preview/duck-typing-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.realpython.com/media/Duck-Typing-in-Python_Watermarked.b1b2472a1e39.jpg)](https://realpython.com/preview/duck-typing-python)

</div>

In this tutorial, you'll learn about duck typing in Python. It's a
typing system based on objects' behaviors rather than on inheritance. By
taking advantage of duck typing, you can create flexible and decoupled
sets of Python classes that you can use together or individually.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 Python Libraries that I Often
Use](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/30-python-libraries-that-i-often-use)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/output0.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/30-python-libraries-that-i-often-use)

</div>

30 Python libraries to solve most AI problems, including GenAI, data
videos, synthetization, model evaluation, computer vision and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Power of Geospatial Intelligence and Similarity Analysis for Data
Mappi](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-power-of-geospatial-intelligence-and-similarity-analysis-for-data-mapping-3ebae73a7e27?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*QpLwcJoRja2DdmE3j5pHaw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-power-of-geospatial-intelligence-and-similarity-analysis-for-data-mapping-3ebae73a7e27?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Strategically enhancing address mapping during data integration using
geocoding and string matching

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting started with Elasticsearch
Python](https://dev.to/iuliaferoli/getting-started-with-elasticsearch-python-5adi)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fbhkojzob64bjbynem8h7.png)](https://dev.to/iuliaferoli/getting-started-with-elasticsearch-python-5adi)

</div>

This blog will introduce you to some core concepts and building blocks
of working with the official...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Perfect Way to Smooth Your Noisy
Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-perfect-way-to-smooth-your-noisy-data-4f3fe6b44440?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*AesSE_wxa1UCZKKHZLt8rg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-perfect-way-to-smooth-your-noisy-data-4f3fe6b44440?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Insanely fast and reliable smoothing and interpolation with the
Whittaker-Eilers method.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Files · master · euri10 / fastapi_cheatsheet ·
GitLab](https://gitlab.com/euri10/fastapi_cheatsheet/-/tree/master)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://gitlab.com/assets/twitter_card-570ddb06edf56a2312253c5872489847a0f385112ddbcd71ccfa1570febab5d2.jpg)](https://gitlab.com/euri10/fastapi_cheatsheet/-/tree/master)

</div>

GitLab.com

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering PDFs: Extracting Sections, Headings, Paragraphs, and Tables
with](https://blog.llamaindex.ai/mastering-pdfs-extracting-sections-headings-paragraphs-and-tables-with-cutting-edge-parser-faea18870125?source=rss----d7683ed5043e---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/7m9jw85w/production/2e20042f130ae9b86c063958cc2cc717f522a0b4-820x790.jpg)](https://blog.llamaindex.ai/mastering-pdfs-extracting-sections-headings-paragraphs-and-tables-with-cutting-edge-parser-faea18870125?source=rss----d7683ed5043e---4)

</div>

LlamaIndex is a simple, flexible data framework for connecting custom
data sources to large language models (LLMs).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet neograd: A Deep Learning Framework Created from Scratch Using
Python
a](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/01/11/meet-neograd-a-deep-learning-framework-created-from-scratch-using-python-and-numpy-with-automatic-differentiation-capabilities)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/ng.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/01/11/meet-neograd-a-deep-learning-framework-created-from-scratch-using-python-and-numpy-with-automatic-differentiation-capabilities)

</div>

Understanding how convolutional neural networks (CNNs) operate is
essential in deep learning. However, implementing these networks,
especially convolutions and gradient calculations, can be challenging.
Many popular frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch exist, but their
complex codebases make it difficult for newcomers to grasp the inner
workings. Meet neograd, a newly released deep learning framework
developed from scratch using Python and NumPy. This framework aims to
simplify the understanding of core concepts in deep learning, such as
automatic differentiation, by providing a more intuitive and readable
codebase. It addresses the complexity barrier often associated with
existing frameworks, making it easier for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[skfolio/skfolio](https://github.com/skfolio/skfolio)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/731792488/904f7a62-0f64-43b1-8d19-abf22a61d9fb)](https://github.com/skfolio/skfolio)

</div>

Python library for portfolio optimization built on top of scikit-learn -
skfolio/skfolio

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Business Forecasting Project
Ideas](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/12/28/business-forecasting-project-ideas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Business-Forecasting-Project-Ideas-for-Resume.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/12/28/business-forecasting-project-ideas)

</div>

This article will take you through some of the best Business Forecasting
project ideas you should try. Business Forecasting Project Ideas.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/assets/images/social/index.png)](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com)

</div>

FastAPI framework, high performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready
for production

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python 3.13 gets a
JIT](https://tonybaloney.github.io/posts/python-gets-a-jit.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tonybaloney.github.io/img/posts/snake_cookie_cutter.jpeg)](https://tonybaloney.github.io/posts/python-gets-a-jit.html)

</div>

Reviewing the JIT in Python 3.13

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Python Development Environments: A Comprehensive Guide to
Virtual](https://dev.to/jaikishpai/virtual-environment-for-python-development-16jb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fo4dzzaxlrqqjwrhyxblw.jpg)](https://dev.to/jaikishpai/virtual-environment-for-python-development-16jb)

</div>

Python has been my go-to programming language since I started coding.
Python, as a programming...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Market Basket Analysis using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/10/16/market-basket-analysis-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/Market-Basket-Analysis-using-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/10/16/market-basket-analysis-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Market Basket
Analysis using Python. Market Basket Analysis using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python "magic" methods - part
2](https://dev.to/nfrankel/python-magic-methods-part-2-3b9j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fpkul0bghfof46ercd5jb.jpg)](https://dev.to/nfrankel/python-magic-methods-part-2-3b9j)

</div>

Let's continue our exploration of Python's magic methods in this second
part of the series. This part...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[python - Using virtualenv on Jupyter Notebook - Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55448244/using-virtualenv-on-jupyter-notebook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55448244/using-virtualenv-on-jupyter-notebook)

</div>

I trying to use virtualenv on jupyter notebook, to use all packages
installed in an environment, but inside jupyter they are not recognized.
Already tried: pip install tornado==4.5.3 pip install

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[venv — Creation of virtual environments — Python 3.12.0
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.python.org/3/_static/og-image.png)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)

</div>

Source code: Lib/venv/ The venv module supports creating lightweight
“virtual environments”, each with their own independent set of Python
packages installed in their site directories. A virtual en...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unleashing the Power of Flask: A Guide to Building Web Applications
with
Py](https://dev.to/damilshahzad7/unleashing-the-power-of-flask-a-guide-to-building-web-applications-with-python-8g8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fqf1bv0ozyfywo4k3jq6s.png)](https://dev.to/damilshahzad7/unleashing-the-power-of-flask-a-guide-to-building-web-applications-with-python-8g8)

</div>

Introduction In the vast landscape of web development, Flask stands out
as a lightweight yet...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hey, Computer, Make Me a
Font](https://serce.me/posts/02-10-2023-hey-computer-make-me-a-font)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://serce.me/images/make-me-a-font/bender.jpeg)](https://serce.me/posts/02-10-2023-hey-computer-make-me-a-font)

</div>

This is a story of my journey learning to build generative ML models
from scratch and teaching a computer to create fonts in the process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Two Powerful Python Features to Streamline Your Code and Make It More
Reada](https://towardsdatascience.com/two-powerful-python-features-to-streamline-your-code-and-make-it-more-readable-51240f11d1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*2upIpTcPINwhiaAF)](https://towardsdatascience.com/two-powerful-python-features-to-streamline-your-code-and-make-it-more-readable-51240f11d1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Enhance your code quality with the beauty of match statements and object
slicing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[youtube_channel/Python Tutorial Series/fourier_transform1.ipynb at main
·
lukepolson/youtube_channel](https://github.com/lukepolson/youtube_channel/blob/main/Python%20Tutorial%20Series/fourier_transform1.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/30303b43413ec0adcbd875018e36bb63abb5270e77df9900e5a270b450bddc92/lukepolson/youtube_channel)](https://github.com/lukepolson/youtube_channel/blob/main/Python%20Tutorial%20Series/fourier_transform1.ipynb)

</div>

Notebooks for the python tutorials of my youtube channel. See specific
youtube video for link to specifc notebook. - lukepolson/youtube_channel

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New Book: Gentle Introduction To Chaotic Dynamical
Systems](https://mltechniques.com/2023/03/21/new-book-gentle-introduction-to-chaotic-dynamical-systems?fbclid=IwAR2l9bXNaikW--3RLzbqKXXoinEx64uczBh928TPu1rUo_l3iVAoq5CVxCc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/mltechniques.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/pillowspiral.png?fit=600%2C459&ssl=1)](https://mltechniques.com/2023/03/21/new-book-gentle-introduction-to-chaotic-dynamical-systems?fbclid=IwAR2l9bXNaikW--3RLzbqKXXoinEx64uczBh928TPu1rUo_l3iVAoq5CVxCc)

</div>

In less than 100 pages, the book covers all important topics about
discrete chaotic dynamical systems and related time series and
stochastic processes, ranging from introductory to advanced, in one and
two dimensions. State-of-the art methods and new results are presented
in simple English. Yet, some mathematical proofs appear for the first
time in this

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet PyGraft: An Open-Sourced Python-Based AI Tool that Generates
Highly
Cu](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/13/meet-pygraft-an-open-sourced-python-based-ai-tool-that-generates-highly-customized-domain-agnostic-schemas-and-knowledge-graphs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/Screenshot-2023-09-13-at-2.40.33-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/13/meet-pygraft-an-open-sourced-python-based-ai-tool-that-generates-highly-customized-domain-agnostic-schemas-and-knowledge-graphs)

</div>

An increasingly popular method for representing data in a graph
structure is the usage of knowledge graphs (KGs). A KG is a group of
triples (s, p, o), where s (subject) and o (object) are two graph nodes,
and p is a predicate that describes the type of connection that exists
between them. KGs are often supported by a schema (such as an ontology)
that outlines the key ideas and relationships in a field of study and
the constraints that govern how these ideas and relationships can
interact. Many of the activities for which KGs are employed have a small

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cracking Open the OpenAI (Python)
API](https://towardsdatascience.com/cracking-open-the-openai-python-api-230e4cae7971)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*QzoGN7Zhi3m21yU0)](https://towardsdatascience.com/cracking-open-the-openai-python-api-230e4cae7971)

</div>

A complete beginner-friendly introduction with example code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Virtual Environments: A Primer – Real
Python](https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.realpython.com/media/Python-Virtual-Environments_Watermarked.4c787192d42f.jpg)](https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer)

</div>

In this tutorial, you'll learn how to use a Python virtual environment
to manage your Python projects. You'll also gain a deep understanding of
the structure of virtual environments created with the venv module, as
well as the rationale behind using virtual environments.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Numpy and Pandas: Unlocking the Potential of Lesser-Known Python
Lib](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/08/beyond-numpy-pandas-unlocking-potential-lesserknown-python-libraries.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/beyond-numpy-pandas-unlocking-potential-lesserknown-python-libraries_03.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/08/beyond-numpy-pandas-unlocking-potential-lesserknown-python-libraries.html)

</div>

3 Python libraries for scientific computation you should know as a data
professional.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Python Itertools Filter Functions You Probably Didn’t
Know](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/08/4-python-itertools-filter-functions-probably-didnt-know.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/c_4_python_itertools_filter_functions_probably_didnt_know_1.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/08/4-python-itertools-filter-functions-probably-didnt-know.html)

</div>

And why you should learn how to use them to filter Python sequences more
elegantly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is EDI? Electronic Data
Interchange](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-edi-electronic-data-interchange-92f7215bb699)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*EQi-v0WKNCVXDldViCUPvg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-edi-electronic-data-interchange-92f7215bb699)

</div>

Explore how Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) facilitates modern supply
chain management.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generating a Requirements.txt File from a Jupyter
Notebook](https://towardsdatascience.com/generating-a-requirements-file-jupyter-notebook-385f1c315b52)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*qYZ4LNr9elZfAOq_)](https://towardsdatascience.com/generating-a-requirements-file-jupyter-notebook-385f1c315b52)

</div>

A much overlooked way to save some time.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Demand Forecasting and Inventory Optimization using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/08/28/demand-forecasting-and-inventory-optimization-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Demand-Forecasting-and-Inventory-Optimization-.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/08/28/demand-forecasting-and-inventory-optimization-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through the task of Demand Forecasting
and Inventory Optimization using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Microsoft Introduces Python in Excel: Bridging Analytical Prowess with
Fami](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/08/24/microsoft-introduces-python-in-excel-bridging-analytical-prowess-with-familiarity-for-enhanced-data-insights)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Screenshot-2023-08-24-at-6.44.22-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/08/24/microsoft-introduces-python-in-excel-bridging-analytical-prowess-with-familiarity-for-enhanced-data-insights)

</div>

The realm of data analysis has long struggled with seamlessly
integrating the capabilities of Python—a powerful programming language
widely used for analytics—with the familiar interface and
functionalities of Microsoft Excel. This challenge has hindered
efficient decision-making and data processing for professionals who rely
on both tools for their tasks. The need for a cohesive solution that
bridges this gap is evident. Existing attempts to merge Python and Excel
have often been cumbersome and involved complex setups. Analysts
resorted to using external scripts, third-party tools, or manual data
transfers between the two environments. These methods introduced
inefficiencies, raised security concerns, and

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simulation 104: Electromagnetic Mapping with Vector
Fields](https://towardsdatascience.com/simulation-104-electromagnetic-mapping-with-vector-fields-96ab3d5e7637)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ku3zEu5-TqmJZg9_8CLzQw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/simulation-104-electromagnetic-mapping-with-vector-fields-96ab3d5e7637)

</div>

Modeling electric and magnetic fields

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Global Interpreter Lock (GIL): Understanding, Workarounds, and
Paral](https://dev.to/bshadmehr/python-global-interpreter-lock-gil-understanding-workarounds-and-parallelism-4dkn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fu9poykxegr9jo8g5w95d.png)](https://dev.to/bshadmehr/python-global-interpreter-lock-gil-understanding-workarounds-and-parallelism-4dkn)

</div>

Introduction: Python, a popular programming language known for its
simplicity and versatility,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Extract Text from Any PDF and Image for Large Language Model \|
by
Zo](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-extract-text-from-any-pdf-and-image-for-large-language-model-2d17f02875e6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*hsHhE00e_S__ITtI)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-extract-text-from-any-pdf-and-image-for-large-language-model-2d17f02875e6)

</div>

Use these text extraction techniques to get quality data for your LLM
models

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pypdfium2 · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pypdfium2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/pypdfium2)

</div>

Python bindings to PDFium

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reliability Analysis with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/reliability-analysis-with-python-862c95e5c65a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1050/0*jApTQ2fRd6R_HGU_)](https://towardsdatascience.com/reliability-analysis-with-python-862c95e5c65a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Total Productive Maintenance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[List: Marketing Mix Modeling \| Curated by Abhijeet Talaulikar \|
Medium](https://medium.com/@abhijeetstalaulikar/list/marketing-mix-modeling-ebceca2350ff)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/0*86c2982b8463a69eded79148b6f96ad57ad6b4c7.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@abhijeetstalaulikar/list/marketing-mix-modeling-ebceca2350ff)

</div>

8 stories · A guide to building an end-to-end marketing mix optimization
solution for your organization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CLI tools hidden in the Python standard
library](https://til.simonwillison.net/python/stdlib-cli-tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/til.simonwillison.net/0517328a1e1f08e17917a1a792213a76.jpg)](https://til.simonwillison.net/python/stdlib-cli-tools)

</div>

Seth Michael Larson pointed out that the Python gzip module can be used
as a CLI tool like this:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Complete Introduction to Survival Analysis in Python \| by Marco
Peixeir](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-complete-introduction-to-survival-analysis-in-python-7523e17737e6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*TGrU4kiM0nMnlz2M)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-complete-introduction-to-survival-analysis-in-python-7523e17737e6)

</div>

Understand survival analysis, its use in the industry, and how to apply
it in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Sequence Filtering in Python: Comprehensive Guide to
Effective
Fi](https://dev.to/marcelschmitt/mastering-sequence-filtering-in-python-comprehensive-guide-to-effective-filtering-techniques-2dho)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fmlasy177mdm8p0wh5gan.jpeg)](https://dev.to/marcelschmitt/mastering-sequence-filtering-in-python-comprehensive-guide-to-effective-filtering-techniques-2dho)

</div>

Filtering sequences, like lists, is a common task for developers.
However, the code can become...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Uplift Modeling — A Data Scientist’s Guide to Optimizing a Credit Card
Rene](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-a-data-scientists-guide-to-optimizing-a-credit-card-renewal-campaign-9f02f863067a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*0IhNM1bWxPaxFGz7bGqobw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/uplift-modeling-a-data-scientists-guide-to-optimizing-a-credit-card-renewal-campaign-9f02f863067a)

</div>

Applying causal machine learning to trim the campaign target audience

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Clearing Pip Cache](https://linuxhandbook.com/clear-pip-cache)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxhandbook.com/content/images/2023/06/clearing-pip-cache.png)](https://linuxhandbook.com/clear-pip-cache)

</div>

Cleaning Pip cache helps you in troubleshooting and getting fresh Python
packages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why not tell people to "simply" use pyenv, poetry or
anaconda](https://www.bitecode.dev/p/why-not-tell-people-to-simply-use)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F434784b1-133b-43c0-b97a-a8e2fac7be46_836x335.png)](https://www.bitecode.dev/p/why-not-tell-people-to-simply-use)

</div>

You keep using that word. I don’t think it means what you think it
means.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sklearn Pipelines for the Modern ML Engineer: 9 Techniques You Can’t
Ignore](https://towardsdatascience.com/sklearn-pipelines-for-the-modern-ml-engineer-9-techniques-you-cant-ignore-637788f05df5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*VTH67RVNsQSjiHJWVsB_5Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/sklearn-pipelines-for-the-modern-ml-engineer-9-techniques-you-cant-ignore-637788f05df5)

</div>

Master Sklearn pipelines for effortless and efficient machine learning.
Discover the art of building, optimizing, and scaling models with ease.
Level up your data preprocessing skills and supercharge your ML workflow
today

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Are \*args And \*\*kwargs In Python - Guide With
Examples](https://dev.to/sachingeek/what-are-args-and-kwargs-in-python-guide-with-examples-1d2j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fr552q9u2fctpfkz66z5a.png)](https://dev.to/sachingeek/what-are-args-and-kwargs-in-python-guide-with-examples-1d2j)

</div>

When we see the documentation of any function that contains \*args and
\*\*kwargs, have you ever...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Geospatial Data Analysis with
GeoPandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/geospatial-data-analysis-with-geopandas-876cb72721cb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*s19BJb439dYfga-R)](https://towardsdatascience.com/geospatial-data-analysis-with-geopandas-876cb72721cb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to manipulate and visualize vector data with Python’s
GeoPandas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[From Spotify to YouTube: How I Built a Python Script to Convert
Playlists](https://dev.to/yogeshwaran01/from-spotify-to-youtube-how-i-built-a-python-script-to-convert-playlists-2h89)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fd4d8gecosoughlsh73wd.png)](https://dev.to/yogeshwaran01/from-spotify-to-youtube-how-i-built-a-python-script-to-convert-playlists-2h89)

</div>

I developed the script to convert the Spotify playlist to YouTube
playlist. I am here to share how I...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Debugging Made Easy: Use Pytest to Track Down and Fix Python
Code](https://towardsdatascience.com/debugging-made-easy-use-pytest-to-track-down-and-fix-python-code-ecbad62057b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*eZ1Ga95SYAX9zCcX)](https://towardsdatascience.com/debugging-made-easy-use-pytest-to-track-down-and-fix-python-code-ecbad62057b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to use Pytest fixtures and mock for unit testing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail Price Optimization using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Retail-Price-Optimization-using-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/17/retail-price-optimization-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I will walk you through the task of Retail Price
Optimization with Machine Learning using Python. Retail Price
Optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Goodbye os.path: 15 Pathlib Tricks to Quickly Master The File System in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/goodbye-os-path-15-pathlib-tricks-to-quickly-master-the-file-system-in-python-881213ca7c21)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*BBMlNUN8uI2uj0zb1J6aqg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/goodbye-os-path-15-pathlib-tricks-to-quickly-master-the-file-system-in-python-881213ca7c21)

</div>

No headaches and unreadable code from os.path

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Joblib: running Python functions as pipeline jobs — joblib 1.5.dev0
documentation](https://joblib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Supply Chain Analysis using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/03/supply-chain-analysis-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Supply-Chain-Analysis-using-Python.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2023/04/03/supply-chain-analysis-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I will take you through the task of Supply Chain
Analysis using Python. Supply Chain Analysis using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Polars for Pandas
Users](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-to-polars-for-pandas-users-2a52b2a03017?source=social.tw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*owCKYi1ffmfBYB9_c8kz0A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-to-polars-for-pandas-users-2a52b2a03017?source=social.tw)

</div>

Demonstrating how to use the new blazing fast DataFrame library for
interacting with tabular data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exception Handling in Python: From Basic to Advanced, Then
Tricks](https://towardsdatascience.com/exception-handling-in-python-from-basic-to-advanced-then-tricks-9b495619730a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mYfUNOZwtCcKPJkky-plaw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/exception-handling-in-python-from-basic-to-advanced-then-tricks-9b495619730a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Discover the Hidden Secrets of Python Exception Handling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python3 Command and Control How to
Guide](https://medium.themayor.tech/python3-command-and-control-how-to-guide-4fd4fe32ec71)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:603/1*snClmZjqlAmIYVWZqS3cyQ.png)](https://medium.themayor.tech/python3-command-and-control-how-to-guide-4fd4fe32ec71)

</div>

Introduction and Chapter One

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to
mypy](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-mypy-3d32fc96db75)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*V74VrdOS0zGcA8rO)](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-mypy-3d32fc96db75)

</div>

Static type checking for Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Association Rule
Mining](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-association-rule-mining-96c42968ba6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ap-ZMb3c6aIRhPFb)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-association-rule-mining-96c42968ba6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create insights from frequent patterns using market basket analysis with
Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Finding Patterns in Convenience Store Locations with Geospatial
Association](https://towardsdatascience.com/finding-patterns-in-convenience-store-locations-with-geospatial-association-rule-mining-5bad7e833299)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*GHV-W8hVdvphUxpf)](https://towardsdatascience.com/finding-patterns-in-convenience-store-locations-with-geospatial-association-rule-mining-5bad7e833299)

</div>

Understanding spatial trends in the location of Tokyo convenience stores

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Announcing PyCaret 3.0: Open-source, Low-code Machine Learning in
Python](https://moez-62905.medium.com/announcing-pycaret-3-0-an-open-source-low-code-machine-learning-library-in-python-7479e9190fa1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:630/0*ueAbHTAlJ7SNZnkF)](https://moez-62905.medium.com/announcing-pycaret-3-0-an-open-source-low-code-machine-learning-library-in-python-7479e9190fa1)

</div>

Exploring the Latest Enhancements and Features of PyCaret 3.0

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exploring the Power of Decorators in Python: A Comprehensive
Guide](https://dev.to/iayeshasahar/exploring-the-power-of-decorators-in-python-a-comprehensive-guide-39k8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F0aihfdbjzrp89uz6us8p.png)](https://dev.to/iayeshasahar/exploring-the-power-of-decorators-in-python-a-comprehensive-guide-39k8)

</div>

Introduction If you're a Python developer looking to take your code to
the next level,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Configuring the spyrograph trace method to explore stunning geometric
visua](https://dev.to/chrisgreening/configuring-the-spyrograph-trace-method-to-explore-stunning-geometric-visualizations-in-python-23gc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fy1dnh8w7boweqj2nxfdr.gif)](https://dev.to/chrisgreening/configuring-the-spyrograph-trace-method-to-explore-stunning-geometric-visualizations-in-python-23gc)

</div>

DISCLAIMER: This blog post was written by a human with the help of AI
Hypotrochoids and epitrochoids...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Table of contents — voila 0.5.0a0
documentation](https://voila.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[voila · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/voila)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/voila)

</div>

Voilà turns Jupyter notebooks into standalone web applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn How to Test Flask Applications with
Pytest](https://dev.to/pavanbelagatti/learn-how-to-test-flask-applications-with-pytest-o25)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F8lmv8pkzassz61lqf3z2.png)](https://dev.to/pavanbelagatti/learn-how-to-test-flask-applications-with-pytest-o25)

</div>

Welcome to this tutorial on how to test Flask applications with Pytest.
Flask is a popular web...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Unique Charts You Wouldn’t Think Were Created with
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-unique-charts-created-with-matplotlib-you-probably-havent-seen-before-421ab8cdd36f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:975/1*uIp1dJpebnY7K5T56kmtQg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-unique-charts-created-with-matplotlib-you-probably-havent-seen-before-421ab8cdd36f)

</div>

Utilising Python’s Matplotlib to Create Advanced Data Visualisations

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python YAML: How to Load, Read, and Write YAML • Python Land
Tutorial](https://python.land/data-processing/python-yaml)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://python.land/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/python-yaml.jpg)](https://python.land/data-processing/python-yaml)

</div>

YAML is easy to write for humans, and read for computers. Learn how to
open, parse, and read YAML with Python. With lots of example code!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make 40 interactive plots to analyze your machine learning
pipeline](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-40-interactive-plots-to-analyze-your-machine-learning-pipeline-ee718afd7bc2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*WDU93_y4BTEMT_iL)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-40-interactive-plots-to-analyze-your-machine-learning-pipeline-ee718afd7bc2)

</div>

A quick guide on how to make clean-looking, interactive Python plots to
validate your data and model

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make your sklearn models up to 100 times
faster](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-your-sklearn-models-up-to-100-times-faster-563bb682665e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*3NdUqlF9rHYGLHYb)](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-your-sklearn-models-up-to-100-times-faster-563bb682665e)

</div>

How to considerable reduce training time changing only 1 line of code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyTorch 2.0: Our next generation release that is faster, more Pythonic
and Dynamic as ever](https://pytorch.org/blog/pytorch-2.0-release)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pytorch.org/assets/images/social-share.jpg)](https://pytorch.org/blog/pytorch-2.0-release)

</div>

We are excited to announce the release of PyTorch® 2.0 which we
highlighted during the PyTorch Conference on 12/2/22! PyTorch 2.0 offers
the same eager-mode development and user experience, while fundamentally
changing and supercharging how PyTorch operates at compiler level under
the hood with faster performance and support for Dynamic Shapes and
Distributed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How virtual environments
work](https://snarky.ca/how-virtual-environments-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://snarky.ca/content/images/size/w1200/2016/12/104_0419.JPG)](https://snarky.ca/how-virtual-environments-work)

</div>

After needing to do a deep dive on the venv module (which I will explain
later in this blog post as to why), I thought I would explain how
virtual environments work to help demystify them. Why do virtual
environments exist? Back in my the day, there was no concept

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Python Decorators I Use in Almost All My Data Science
Projects](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-decorators-for-data-science-6913f717669a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*A4poWcVL8faAsMvC)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-decorators-for-data-science-6913f717669a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Decorators provide a new and convenient way for everything from caching
to sending notifications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Write Readable Tests for Your Machine Learning Models with
Behave](https://towardsdatascience.com/write-readable-tests-for-your-machine-learning-models-with-behave-ec4a27b91490?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*AzyYWzYX8FpJqnD99QZtcw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/write-readable-tests-for-your-machine-learning-models-with-behave-ec4a27b91490?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Use natural language to test the behavior of your ML models

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Plotting Network Graphs using
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/plotting-network-graphs-using-python-bc62f0d93b3f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*mB-a0YwmA4klJNKD)](https://towardsdatascience.com/plotting-network-graphs-using-python-bc62f0d93b3f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to use the NetworkX package to visualize complex networks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[35 Hidden Python Libraries That Are Absolute
Gems](https://avichawla.substack.com/p/35-gem-py-libs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Ff7830971-7ce0-4b18-8ead-7a072ef788a8_864x600.png)](https://avichawla.substack.com/p/35-gem-py-libs)

</div>

I reviewed 1,000+ Python libraries and discovered these hidden gems I
never knew even existed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python’s multiprocessing performance
problem](https://pythonspeed.com/articles/faster-multiprocessing-pickle)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pythonspeed.com/assets/titles/faster-multiprocessing-pickle.png)](https://pythonspeed.com/articles/faster-multiprocessing-pickle)

</div>

While multiprocessing allows Python to scale to multiple CPUs, it has
some performance overhead compared to threading.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using PyGWalker to Enhance Your Jupyter Notebook EDA
Experience](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-pygwalker-to-enhance-your-jupyter-notebook-eda-experience-d7a5ee358be9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1130/1*jJDVB9TlJWJd-TAH3_9Myg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-pygwalker-to-enhance-your-jupyter-notebook-eda-experience-d7a5ee358be9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An Introduction to the PyGWalker Library for Easy Data Visualisation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started with Python
Generators](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/getting-started-python-generators.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/c_getting_started_python_generators_2.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/getting-started-python-generators.html)

</div>

Learn about Python generators and write memory-efficient and Pythonic
code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SymPy makes math fun
again](https://wordsandbuttons.online/sympy_makes_math_fun_again.html)

</div>

An introduction into symbolic computations in Python. Don't worry, it's
much simpler than it sounds. It's about making Python do your math for
you with very little investment in the technology.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Automate the Boring Stuff with
Python](http://automatetheboringstuff.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[40 Open-Source Tools to Supercharge Your Pandas
Workflow](https://open.substack.com/pub/avichawla/p/37-open-source-tools-to-supercharge-pandas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fd8c8959b-208f-4725-a4cb-a19af7a6a748_864x600.png)](https://open.substack.com/pub/avichawla/p/37-open-source-tools-to-supercharge-pandas)

</div>

Pandas receives over 3M downloads per day. But 99% of its users are not
using it to its full potential.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Filters with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-filters-with-python-3dc223a12624?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*h0_6ad6JsubZus2v)](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-filters-with-python-3dc223a12624?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A concise computer vision project for building image filters using
Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a Recommender System for Amazon Products with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-recommender-system-for-amazon-products-with-python-8e0010ec772c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*8eW-6i5gAOhoh3G4)](https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-recommender-system-for-amazon-products-with-python-8e0010ec772c)

</div>

I built a recommender system for Amazon’s electronics category

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python Decorators To Take Your Code To The Next Level \| by Ahmed
Besbes](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-python-decorators-to-take-your-code-to-the-next-level-a910a1ab3e99?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*IUARngAvOK5_06oz)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-python-decorators-to-take-your-code-to-the-next-level-a910a1ab3e99?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Do more things with less code without compromising on quality

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Perform Multivariate Outlier Detection in Python PyOD For
Machine
Le](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-perform-multivariate-outlier-detection-in-python-pyod-for-machine-learning-b0a9c557a21c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*-7d6JMFbU1Lp_d1UJaU5LQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-perform-multivariate-outlier-detection-in-python-pyod-for-machine-learning-b0a9c557a21c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Discover how to effectively detect multivariate outliers in machine
learning with PyOD in Python. Learn to convert anomaly scores to
probability confidence, choose the best outlier classifier and determine
the right probability threshold for improved model accuracy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing the new JupyterLab
Desktop!](https://blog.jupyter.org/introducing-the-new-jupyterlab-desktop-bca1982bdb23)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*8xMIZPHtmjJFVoJ8Vh6Lig.png)](https://blog.jupyter.org/introducing-the-new-jupyterlab-desktop-bca1982bdb23)

</div>

We are pleased to announce a major update to JupyterLab Desktop which
adds many new features with main focus on the user experience…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Simple Ways to Create a Waterfall Plot in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-simple-ways-to-create-a-waterfall-plot-in-python-1124f7afc90f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*b67XM7qmBwSI5_XIqCUOPQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-simple-ways-to-create-a-waterfall-plot-in-python-1124f7afc90f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to quickly create a presentation-ready plot to aid your data
storytelling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Beautiful Waffle Charts for Data Visualisation in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-beautiful-waffle-charts-for-data-visualisation-in-python-e9760a3f8594)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*jb3FPp7GYp1p3Hv3)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-beautiful-waffle-charts-for-data-visualisation-in-python-e9760a3f8594)

</div>

A Great Alternative to Pie Charts for Data Visualisation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Export archived article data from
Pocket](https://gist.github.com/jasonrdsouza/2da1ac63976008750c940fa9698919bb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/gist-og-image-54fd7dc0713e.png)](https://gist.github.com/jasonrdsouza/2da1ac63976008750c940fa9698919bb)

</div>

Export archived article data from Pocket · GitHub

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[skops: a new library to improve scikit-learn in
production](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/skops-new-library-improve-scikitlearn-production.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/noyan_skops_new_library_improve_scikitlearn_production_3.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/02/skops-new-library-improve-scikitlearn-production.html)

</div>

There are various challenges in MLOps and model sharing, including,
security and reproducibility. To tackle these for scikit-learn models,
we've developed a new open-source library: skops. In this article, I
will walk you through how it works and how to use it with an end-to-end
example.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pythondocument/Fluent Python.pdf at master ·
hiddenJuliet/pythondocument](https://github.com/hiddenJuliet/pythondocument/blob/master/Fluent%20Python.pdf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/5cba3941a89bf9eb57bd75450faefe05892b0344bca1d4ead2b56b160747f0ac/hiddenJuliet/pythondocument)](https://github.com/hiddenJuliet/pythondocument/blob/master/Fluent%20Python.pdf)

</div>

translate python documents to Chinese for convenient reference
简而言之，这里用来存放那些Python文档君们，并且尽力将其翻译成中文\~~ -
hiddenJuliet/pythondocument

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hyperparameter Optimization: 10 Top Python
Libraries](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/01/hyperparameter-optimization-10-top-python-libraries.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/miradi-hyperparameter-optimization-header.jpeg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2023/01/hyperparameter-optimization-10-top-python-libraries.html)

</div>

Become familiar with some of the most popular Python libraries available
for hyperparameter optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing PyCircular: A Python Library for Circular Data
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/introducing-pycircular-a-python-library-for-circular-data-analysis-bfd696a6a42b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*9pECXqHe6hGrTYc4)](https://towardsdatascience.com/introducing-pycircular-a-python-library-for-circular-data-analysis-bfd696a6a42b)

</div>

Circular data can present unique challenges when it comes to analysis
and modeling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyPI · The Python Package Index](https://pypi.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org)

</div>

The Python Package Index (PyPI) is a repository of software for the
Python programming language.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SHAP: Explain Any Machine Learning Model in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/shap-explain-any-machine-learning-model-in-python-72f0bea35f7c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ijH_acLY6k5fOeBM)](https://towardsdatascience.com/shap-explain-any-machine-learning-model-in-python-72f0bea35f7c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Your Comprehensive Guide to SHAP, TreeSHAP, and DeepSHAP

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Scikit-Learn Best Practices For Data
Scientists](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-scikit-learn-best-practices-for-data-scientists-f232a6ed2756)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*NZ46dHnSgDayNmsN)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-scikit-learn-best-practices-for-data-scientists-f232a6ed2756)

</div>

Tips for taking full advantage of this machine learning package

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why TensorFlow for Python is dying a slow
death](https://thenextweb.com/news/why-tensorflow-for-python-is-dying-a-slow-death)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2023%2F01%2FAdd-a-heading-1.jpg&signature=a59a25eca66453bf93e044239c29b88c)](https://thenextweb.com/news/why-tensorflow-for-python-is-dying-a-slow-death)

</div>

Many developers who use Python for machine learning are now switching to
PyTorch. Find out why and what the future could hold for TensorFlow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Malicious PyPI Packages Using Cloudflare Tunnels to Sneak Through
Firewalls](https://thehackernews.com/2023/01/malicious-pypi-packages-using.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEioLScBPxvaWYxBOr1rsfntTQBybECKgpFxx-nGDPk_6IEFmhwQZZ76aF7moU9Hi_S2_w75CFEod-Eel2kD5OhdS_Fd1CYnfCmlWRNXkclQUd1Mf0EtKwb8KK4R-kUkZTZKFI3O3Bgb9zMEylSOk0RQh3dqwz0TbrSuzizWMfynsbG2edK8EdkKUswZ/s728-rw-e365/cf.png)](https://thehackernews.com/2023/01/malicious-pypi-packages-using.html)

</div>

Six malicious Python packages distributed via PyPI deploying info
stealers and use Cloudflare tunnels to sneak through firewalls.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Geometric Kernels](https://geometric-kernels.github.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://geometric-kernels.github.io/assets/banner.png)](https://geometric-kernels.github.io)

</div>

A cross-framework package for kernels and Gaussian processes on
manifolds, graphs, and meshes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Numba: A High Performance Python Compiler](https://numba.pydata.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PacktPublishing/Python-Feature-Engineering-Cookbook-Second-Edition:
Python](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Python-Feature-Engineering-Cookbook-Second-Edition)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3921b2adb2d8faa2ca4eab4057b5e8bfa414a53ac9b4d7df19fc6a722aaa3f39/PacktPublishing/Python-Feature-Engineering-Cookbook-Second-Edition)](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Python-Feature-Engineering-Cookbook-Second-Edition)

</div>

Python Feature Engineering Cookbook Second Edition, published by Packt -
PacktPublishing/Python-Feature-Engineering-Cookbook-Second-Edition

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Anonymise Places in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-anonymise-places-in-python-55597d0ded24)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ysUbFyD2bPFuKxNZ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-anonymise-places-in-python-55597d0ded24)

</div>

A ready-to-run code which identifies and anonymises places, based on the
GeoNames database

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Media Mix Modeling: How to measure the effectiveness of advertising
with
Py](https://towardsdatascience.com/media-mix-modeling-how-to-measure-the-effectiveness-of-advertising-with-python-lightweightmmm-b6d7de110ae6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*YEzmKt8RXJsdmDDz)](https://towardsdatascience.com/media-mix-modeling-how-to-measure-the-effectiveness-of-advertising-with-python-lightweightmmm-b6d7de110ae6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Media Mix modeling, its implementation, and practical tips

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use Python
Lambdas](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-python-lambdas-8d141e378ce)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*LM6LB81MuVWQrTDs)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-python-lambdas-8d141e378ce)

</div>

Discover the power of anonymous functions and functional programming in
Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[13 Tips for using
PyTest](https://towardsdatascience.com/13-tips-for-using-pytest-5341e3366d2d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*B6oWzUw7FJZifK2E_pWPeA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/13-tips-for-using-pytest-5341e3366d2d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Unit-testing is a really important skill for software development. There
are some great Python libraries to help us write and run unit-test…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 Less Used but Important Plots for Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-less-used-but-important-plots-for-data-science-dede3f9b7ebd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bhEmrxTUTfh1ntw7ZfY2lg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-less-used-but-important-plots-for-data-science-dede3f9b7ebd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Some Unique Data Visualization Techniques for Getting High-Level Insight
into the Data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Useful Python Automation
Scripts](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/11/3-useful-python-automation-scripts.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/chugh_3_useful_python_automation_scripts_3.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/11/3-useful-python-automation-scripts.html)

</div>

The post highlights three useful applications of using python to
automate simple desktop tasks. Stay tuned till the end of the post to
find the reference for a bonus resource.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Last Mile Delivery From Multiple Depots in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/last-mile-delivery-from-multiple-depots-in-python-26c4325407b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*sHWNnTn8_g9wUu2m)](https://towardsdatascience.com/last-mile-delivery-from-multiple-depots-in-python-26c4325407b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Mathematical Modeling, Solution, and Visualization Using PuLP and
VeRoViz

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ways to use a Seaborn Heatmap (Python
Tutorial)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-use-a-seaborn-heatmap-python-tutorial-c79950f5add3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1067/1*B8m3aVg6TDlPQKGVRqqKRQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-use-a-seaborn-heatmap-python-tutorial-c79950f5add3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using a heatmap to visualise a confusion matrix, time-series movements,
temperature changes, correlation matrix and SHAP interaction values

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create a GIF from Matplotlib Plots in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-gif-from-matplotlib-plots-in-python-6bec6c0c952c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:432/1*LMtJAdt9SffpKRQPyhckGA.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-gif-from-matplotlib-plots-in-python-6bec6c0c952c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A data visualization technique for 2-dimensional time series data using
imageio

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ways to Transform Your Seaborn Data
Visualisations](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-transform-your-seaborn-data-visualisations-1ed2cb484e38?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1132/0*KlbNuVg0R2lCnlR7)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-transform-your-seaborn-data-visualisations-1ed2cb484e38?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Simple and easy pieces of code to enhance your seaborn scatter plots

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Step Up Your Game in Making Beautiful Choropleth
Maps](https://towardsdatascience.com/step-up-your-game-in-making-beautiful-choropleth-maps-ab7d3428b3ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*LH1YIfbizTW6YaNokOU0tQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/step-up-your-game-in-making-beautiful-choropleth-maps-ab7d3428b3ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A guide on how to make different types of maps using Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic to Advanced Logging with Python in 10
Minutes](https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-to-advanced-logging-with-python-in-10-minutes-631501339650?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*rFAUL8hERx_CqCgw)](https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-to-advanced-logging-with-python-in-10-minutes-631501339650?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Logging crash course with common logging issues addressed

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Decorator: What, Why, and
How](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-decorator-what-why-and-how-f6b2d86e858e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*y2-DYY8YNhth-_-bcOvjhA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-decorator-what-why-and-how-f6b2d86e858e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Python decorator is a very useful tool to help us code efficiently. As I
mentioned in my previous article, coding efficiently is one of the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands-on Guide to Create beautiful Sankey Charts in d3js with
Python.](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-create-beautiful-sankey-charts-in-d3js-with-python-8ddab43edb43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ZYUl6vyNgwraVhBNjf-Dig.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-create-beautiful-sankey-charts-in-d3js-with-python-8ddab43edb43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The Sankey chart is a great way to discover the most prominent
contributions just by looking at how individual items flow across
states.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Essential Visualizations and How to Implement Them, Part
2](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-essential-visualizations-and-how-to-implement-them-part-2-e47c1d4b9784?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*pCR4l48i-XXzas4dI-6yyg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-essential-visualizations-and-how-to-implement-them-part-2-e47c1d4b9784?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

We look at how to create the 12 most useful graphs and charts in Python
and Streamlit

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Converting Text Documents to Token Counts with
CountVectorizer](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/10/converting-text-documents-token-counts-countvectorizer.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/chugh_converting_text_documents_token_counts_countvectorizer_6.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/10/converting-text-documents-token-counts-countvectorizer.html)

</div>

The post explains the significance of CountVectorizer and demonstrates
its implementation with Python code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introducing IceCream: Never Use Print() To Debug Your Python Code
Again](https://towardsdatascience.com/introducing-icecream-never-use-print-to-debug-your-python-code-again-d8f2e5719f8a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*2n51QKEzXu0iKtBK)](https://towardsdatascience.com/introducing-icecream-never-use-print-to-debug-your-python-code-again-d8f2e5719f8a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Why I stopped using print() statements for debugging and why you should
too

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[matsui528/nanopq: Pure python implementation of product quantization
for nearest neighbor search](https://github.com/matsui528/nanopq)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/973d6af5f6bf1bef3592404c31ee714b149725ea8d6106a057a56fe504be5cfd/matsui528/nanopq)](https://github.com/matsui528/nanopq)

</div>

Pure python implementation of product quantization for nearest neighbor
search - matsui528/nanopq

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Storytelling Moving Bubbles Charts in d3js with
Python.](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-storytelling-moving-bubbles-charts-in-d3js-with-python-b31cec7b8226)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*EXijXJ24_hS6PnT0AK-VKw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-storytelling-moving-bubbles-charts-in-d3js-with-python-b31cec7b8226)

</div>

The MovingBubble chart is one of those mind-blowing charts to look at.
Learn how to create them using your own data set and Python!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CUDA by Numba
Examples](https://towardsdatascience.com/cuda-by-numba-examples-c583474124b0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*ZKaQL6AiJxOPe9Cgmt6-gg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/cuda-by-numba-examples-c583474124b0)

</div>

Follow this series to learn about CUDA programming from scratch with
Python. Part 4 of 4.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Product Quantization for Similarity
Search](https://towardsdatascience.com/product-quantization-for-similarity-search-2f1f67c5fddd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*p5_lEAB_bMtMgPNt)](https://towardsdatascience.com/product-quantization-for-similarity-search-2f1f67c5fddd)

</div>

How to compress and fit a humongous set of vectors in memory for
similarity search with asymmetric distance computation (ADC)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bayesian Hierarchical Marketing Mix Modeling in
PyMC](https://buff.ly/3zzJfUy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*UAUwlqs4Seck0i5b)](https://buff.ly/3zzJfUy)

</div>

Learn how to build MMMs for different countries the right way

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Signal Processing, beyond the Fourier Transform: Introduction to the
Chirpl](https://towardsdatascience.com/signal-processing-beyond-the-fourier-transform-introduction-to-the-chirplet-transform-using-146a00478318)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*ZBtDlZ6l04rcCuRNYMtfQQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/signal-processing-beyond-the-fourier-transform-introduction-to-the-chirplet-transform-using-146a00478318)

</div>

From a theoretical introduction to the hands-on implementation: here’s
what you need to know about the Chirplet Transform

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3Blocks: The Python Library to Create Interactive and Standalone D3js
Char](https://towardsdatascience.com/d3blocks-the-python-library-to-create-interactive-and-standalone-d3js-charts-3dda98ce97d4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*eoQCZAs_M5Fk0RPYenqhuw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/d3blocks-the-python-library-to-create-interactive-and-standalone-d3js-charts-3dda98ce97d4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create interactive, and stand-alone charts that are built on the
graphics of d3 javascript (d3js) but configurable with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Built-in magic commands — IPython 8.5.0
documentation](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Want to find the N largest or N smallest values in a list? Use the
\`heapq\` module!
🐍🔥](https://twitter.com/driscollis/status/1565052049498292226)

</div>

— Mike Driscoll (@driscollis)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Comprehensive Tutorial on Stereo Geometry and Stereo Rectification
with
P](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-comprehensive-tutorial-on-stereo-geometry-and-stereo-rectification-with-python-7f368b09924a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bq7TY8eW7Q6dlwHh2LwQVA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-comprehensive-tutorial-on-stereo-geometry-and-stereo-rectification-with-python-7f368b09924a)

</div>

Everything you need to know about Stereo Geometry

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 PyTricks I've Learned By Joining the Real Python Mailing
List.](https://dev.to/wiseai/30-pytricks-ive-learned-by-joining-the-real-python-mailing-list-227i)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.pixabay.com%2Fphoto%2F2016%2F07%2F13%2F08%2F48%2Fmobile-phone-1513945_960_720.jpg)](https://dev.to/wiseai/30-pytricks-ive-learned-by-joining-the-real-python-mailing-list-227i)

</div>

I subscribed to the Real Python mailing list two years ago, and I
learned a lot of tips and tricks...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Accelerate Python code 100x by import taichi as ti \| Taichi
Docs](https://docs.taichi-lang.org/blog/accelerate-python-code-100x)

</div>

Python has become the most popular language in many rapidly evolving
sectors, such as deep learning and data sciences. Yet its easy
readability comes at the cost of performance. Of course, we all complain
about program performance from time to time, and Python should certainly
not take all the blame. Still, it's fair to say that Python's nature as
an interpreted language does not help, especially in
computation-intensive scenarios (e.g., when there are multiple nested
for loops).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Basic Commands When Working with Python
Tuples](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-basic-commands-when-working-with-python-tuples-8edd3787003f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*OI4etZW7ArTon3AD)](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-basic-commands-when-working-with-python-tuples-8edd3787003f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Making you understand the characteristics of Python Tuples and how you
deal with them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://www.einblick.ai/blog/problems-with-notebooks-msftpaper/](https://www.einblick.ai/blog/problems-with-notebooks-msftpaper)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Topic Modeling on PyCaret —
Redux](https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-on-pycaret-redux-46cd8e4869f4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*sHldyjbTWo3lk_CS)](https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-on-pycaret-redux-46cd8e4869f4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A beginner’s guide to PyCaret’s natural language processing module.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Happens When you Import a Python Module? \| by Xiaoxu Gao \| Aug,
2022
\|](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-happens-when-you-import-a-python-module-ad6c0efd2640)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*UA8dxOnhFqn1pBfo)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-happens-when-you-import-a-python-module-ad6c0efd2640)

</div>

Deep dive into the import system

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 spaCy Features To Boost Your NLP Pipelines And Save
Time](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-spacy-features-to-boost-your-nlp-pipelines-and-save-time-9e12d18c3742?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*G_zd_szVbx_kB3s_)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-spacy-features-to-boost-your-nlp-pipelines-and-save-time-9e12d18c3742?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I’ve never used spaCy beyond simple named entity recognition tasks. Boy
was I wrong.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seven Killer Memory Optimization Techniques Every Pandas User Should
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/seven-killer-memory-optimization-techniques-every-pandas-user-should-know-64707348ab20?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*UnxbaQNZOBP0-B5H)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seven-killer-memory-optimization-techniques-every-pandas-user-should-know-64707348ab20?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Simple tips to optimize the memory utilization in Pandas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Most Important Python Modules for
Beginners](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2022/08/23/most-important-python-modules-for-beginners)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Most-Important-Python-Modules-for-Beginners.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2022/08/23/most-important-python-modules-for-beginners)

</div>

This article will take you through some of the most important Python
modules for beginners. Most Important Python Modules for Beginners.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Uncommon Uses of Python in Commonly Used
Libraries](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/uncommon-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eugeneyan.com/assets/og_image/off-the-beaten-path-alexander-milo.jpg)](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/uncommon-python)

</div>

Some off-the-beaten uses of Python learned from reading libraries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create File System Triggers
in Python](https://www.the-analytics.club/python-monitor-file-changes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Erqxm1Ssv0cK7mjkI2hqIQ.jpeg)](https://www.the-analytics.club/python-monitor-file-changes)

</div>

How to painlessly monitor file creation, modification, and deletion
programmatically.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Python Itertools Like No
Other](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-python-itertools-like-no-other-454da1ddd5b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*eKuoKV5pqXfHi-2X)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-guide-to-python-itertools-like-no-other-454da1ddd5b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Crystalise your understanding of this amazing library through animated
GIFs and learn how to write more elegant code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing Part-of-Speech Tags with NLTK and
SpaCy](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualizing-part-of-speech-tags-with-nltk-and-spacy-42056fcd777e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:940/1*m2qeNjOSiDZzTFhdHpORqw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualizing-part-of-speech-tags-with-nltk-and-spacy-42056fcd777e)

</div>

Customizing displaCy’s entity visualizer

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to get your home folder with using 2️⃣ lines of code and the pathlib
module!
🐍🔥](https://twitter.com/driscollis/status/1559239264914866176?s=12&t=8UhwBTCaCYatGNhe0YJVXQ)

</div>

— Mike Driscoll (@driscollis)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Visualizations with Python that Catch More Attention than a Bar
Chart](https://towardsdatascience.com/9-visualizations-that-catch-more-attention-than-a-bar-chart-72d3aeb2e091)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Sw4KsZy5gILA-h1vVJhD_w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/9-visualizations-that-catch-more-attention-than-a-bar-chart-72d3aeb2e091)

</div>

Creating eye-catching graphs with Python to use instead of bar charts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Graph Partitioning Algorithms and Community
Detection](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-to-graph-partitioning-algorithms-and-community-detection-29e7c962d10e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*arWl57BFDl1ke9Rk)](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-to-graph-partitioning-algorithms-and-community-detection-29e7c962d10e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Graph partitioning has been a long-lasting problem and has a wide range
of applications. This post shares the methodology for graph…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Less-Known Python Libraries That Can Help in Your Next Data Science
Proje](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-less-known-python-libraries-that-can-help-in-your-next-data-science-project-5970a81b32de)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*tyYjYxa8DvbvQG4mQwXpOw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-less-known-python-libraries-that-can-help-in-your-next-data-science-project-5970a81b32de)

</div>

Reduce time in your data science workflow with these libraries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Parallel Processing Large File in Python -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/07/parallel-processing-large-file-python.html?fbclid=IwAR14IjcStsSwbbI8WBIVyUGPtAE32jWeQ8FH98aFpwkFqwjmORU9vlmyoSw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/parallel-processing-large-file-python.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2022/07/parallel-processing-large-file-python.html?fbclid=IwAR14IjcStsSwbbI8WBIVyUGPtAE32jWeQ8FH98aFpwkFqwjmORU9vlmyoSw)

</div>

Learn various techniques to reduce data processing time by using
multiprocessing, joblib, and tqdm concurrent.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pytest with Marking, Mocking, and Fixtures in 10
Minutes](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-with-marking-mocking-and-fixtures-in-10-minutes-678d7ccd2f70?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*H56kk-voyUbD-j1x)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-with-marking-mocking-and-fixtures-in-10-minutes-678d7ccd2f70?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Write robust unit tests with Python pytest

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stream Graphs Basics with Python's
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/stream-graphs-basics-with-pythons-matplotlib-5165828359a5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*XpLxl8Uv2FhNXQUJVez8Pw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/stream-graphs-basics-with-pythons-matplotlib-5165828359a5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The good-looking cousin of stacked area charts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Quick Tricks For Better Plots in
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-quick-tricks-for-better-plots-in-matplotlib-1efd82acd780)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:432/1*RFzK2_u8QjPnakNWdK9taA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-quick-tricks-for-better-plots-in-matplotlib-1efd82acd780)

</div>

Easily adding arrows, multiple axes, gradient fill, and more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Make a Database Connection in Python for Absolute
Beginners](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-a-database-connection-in-python-for-absolute-beginners-e2bfd8e4e52)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*ZJyIk81m2AqfnBoU)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-a-database-connection-in-python-for-absolute-beginners-e2bfd8e4e52)

</div>

3 steps (+examples) to connect to MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle and many
other databases

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Command Line \|
Graphviz](https://www.graphviz.org/doc/info/command.html)

</div>

DOT rendering programs and utilities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x: Master programming by recreating your
favorite technologies from
scratch.](https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fcc05351e4bdffcc0da640117328687f5305c2fa32373175e04b628d726e663c/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)](https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)

</div>

Master programming by recreating your favorite technologies from
scratch. - codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome \| Handbook of Graphs and Networks in People
Analytics](https://ona-book.org/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ona-book.org/www/cover/cover-ona.png)](https://ona-book.org/index.html)

</div>

A technical manual of graphs, networks and their applications in the
people and social sciences

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modeling Marketing Mix Using Smoothing
Splines](https://towardsdatascience.com/modeling-marketing-mix-using-smoothing-splines-98dc8e84c367)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Cf7bd5ZrpdOe7rfjg7_wbw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/modeling-marketing-mix-using-smoothing-splines-98dc8e84c367)

</div>

Capturing non-linear advertising saturation and diminishing returns
without explicitly transforming media variables

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands on introduction to reinforcement learning in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-introduction-to-reinforcement-learning-in-python-da07f7aaca88)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*gMgU8hLuZL_6MSHs)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-introduction-to-reinforcement-learning-in-python-da07f7aaca88)

</div>

One of the biggest barriers to traditional machine learning is that most
supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms need huge
amounts of data to be useful in real world use cases. Even…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build Complex Time Series Regression Pipelines with
sktime](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-complex-time-series-regression-pipelines-with-sktime-910bc25c96b6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*SWU0R_Xl2Uxj_2Zb)](https://towardsdatascience.com/build-complex-time-series-regression-pipelines-with-sktime-910bc25c96b6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to forecast with scikit-learn and XGBoost models with sktime

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[githublog/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md at main ·
francisrstokes/githublog](https://github.com/francisrstokes/githublog/blob/main/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bdbe09c3b9d7a4dbef5dd3712fe10e972d74c22b8706afe098b85e4141206dcb/francisrstokes/githublog)](https://github.com/francisrstokes/githublog/blob/main/2022/6/15/rolling-your-own-crypto-aes.md)

</div>

I'm sick of complex blogging solutions, so markdown files in a git repo
it is - francisrstokes/githublog

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Self-Organising Map Neural Network with Python
Code](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-self-organising-map-neural-network-with-python-code-7a77f501e985)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:720/1*X10Usd9AgRGfdQqvmVR2VQ.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-self-organising-map-neural-network-with-python-code-7a77f501e985)

</div>

Brain-inspired unsupervised machine learning through competition,
cooperation and adaptation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Solve Scheduling Problems in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-solve-scheduling-problems-in-python-36a9af8de451)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*VKIGzmJrYBzcPlB6USx8OA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-solve-scheduling-problems-in-python-36a9af8de451)

</div>

Use linear programming to minimize the difference between required and
scheduled resources

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Need to turn your code into an executable for Windows, Mac or Linux?
Try PyInstaller!
🐍🔥](https://twitter.com/driscollis/status/1544538344696209410?s=12&t=LC1ClP-0zkpghe0kOnAuew)

</div>

— Mike Driscoll (@driscollis)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gif Creation in
Python.](https://twitter.com/clcoding/status/1543442499402088448?s=12&t=AvYws6dCEvQsVv0HFU_rpA)

</div>

Here you can add multiple Images and duration as well in the code. —
Python Coding (@clcoding)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn the Python Anvil Framework](https://pythonanvil.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python for Data Analysis, 3E](https://wesmckinney.com/book)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wesmckinney.com/book/images/cover.png)](https://wesmckinney.com/book)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[FIGS: Attaining XGBoost-level performance with the interpretability and
spe](http://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2022/06/30/figs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/assets/figs/figs_intro.gif)](http://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2022/06/30/figs)

</div>

The BAIR Blog

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Usage · ArchiveBox/ArchiveBox Wiki ·
GitHub](https://github.com/ArchiveBox/ArchiveBox/wiki/Usage#Import-list-of-links-from-browser-history)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/90356372/6ce4d400-6129-11e9-9898-707bd6d5df76)](https://github.com/ArchiveBox/ArchiveBox/wiki/Usage#Import-list-of-links-from-browser-history)

</div>

🗃 Open source self-hosted web archiving. Takes URLs/browser
history/bookmarks/Pocket/Pinboard/etc., saves HTML, JS, PDFs, media, and
more... - ArchiveBox/ArchiveBox

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting your reading history out of Pocket using Python \| by Alex
D'Ambra
\|](https://medium.com/@alexdambra/getting-your-reading-history-out-of-pocket-using-python-b4253dbe865c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*kPKykXB1Bog-f7R-.)](https://medium.com/@alexdambra/getting-your-reading-history-out-of-pocket-using-python-b4253dbe865c)

</div>

I’ve been using Pocket for many years to collate all the articles, blog
posts, recipes, etcI’ve found online. I decided it would be…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Python's Secret Superpower: Magic
Methods](https://dev.to/coderpad/a-guide-to-pythons-secret-superpower-magic-methods-4oah)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F8yrza80ezwgascrnibe6.png)](https://dev.to/coderpad/a-guide-to-pythons-secret-superpower-magic-methods-4oah)

</div>

Python has a secret superpower with a similarly stupendous name: Magic
Methods. These methods can...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Battle of Choropleths — Part 3 —
Folium](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-battle-of-choropleths-part-3-folium-86ab1232afc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:807/1*-KH2xQlqnHZIFJyKhgNZ3g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-battle-of-choropleths-part-3-folium-86ab1232afc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using the Folium Package to Create Stunning Choropleths

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating Choropleth Maps with Python’s Folium
Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-choropleth-maps-with-pythons-folium-library-cfacfb40f56a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*RYXajNfZq48PLHGBo3xUTQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-choropleth-maps-with-pythons-folium-library-cfacfb40f56a)

</div>

How to make choropleths with different data structures in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neighborhood Analysis, KD-Trees, and Octrees for Meshes and Point
Clouds
in](https://towardsdatascience.com/neighborhood-analysis-kd-trees-and-octrees-for-meshes-and-point-clouds-in-python-19fa96527b77)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:686/1*5QhldA6cwZclTb3azvZmuw.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/neighborhood-analysis-kd-trees-and-octrees-for-meshes-and-point-clouds-in-python-19fa96527b77)

</div>

How to use Python libraries like Open3D, PyVista, and Vedo for
neighborhood analysis of point clouds and meshes through
KD-Trees/Octrees

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Simulation with
SimPy](https://link.medium.com/Tr5hp8IBDqb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*1d-daA2jQkvuNWjE)](https://link.medium.com/Tr5hp8IBDqb)

</div>

Part 6: Multiple Measures of Performance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The one pip config you need to
have](https://dev.to/waylonwalker/pip-require-virtualenv-43db)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fuj2svn88a65dcyosyjf2.png)](https://dev.to/waylonwalker/pip-require-virtualenv-43db)

</div>

Whenever you are installing python packages, you should always use a
virtual environment. pip makes...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simple Text Extraction Using Python And Tesseract
OCR](https://dev.to/ethand91/simple-text-extraction-using-python-and-tesseract-ocr-3b2b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fy3ai1x71pziciowzlp6g.png)](https://dev.to/ethand91/simple-text-extraction-using-python-and-tesseract-ocr-3b2b)

</div>

Introduction Hello! In this quick tutorial I will show how to create a
simple program...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Ways to Create a Multi-Page Streamlit
App](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-ways-to-create-a-multi-page-streamlit-app-1825b5b07c0f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*wfLMk9iBolBomrDhJ1hUMg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-ways-to-create-a-multi-page-streamlit-app-1825b5b07c0f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Streamlit may not have been designed for full-blown websites, but it is
fairly straightforward to create multiple pages in a single app

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cython for absolute beginners: 30x faster code in two simple
steps](https://towardsdatascience.com/cython-for-absolute-beginners-30x-faster-code-in-two-simple-steps-bbb6c10d06ad?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*JpKZoj5rRdgGEFud)](https://towardsdatascience.com/cython-for-absolute-beginners-30x-faster-code-in-two-simple-steps-bbb6c10d06ad?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Easy Python code compilation for blazingly fast applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[faif/python-patterns: A collection of design patterns/idioms in
Python](https://github.com/faif/python-patterns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/49564b8e04f7046c8a5a673981120e5038da528e082bceefe3d0b96b35778ad6/faif/python-patterns)](https://github.com/faif/python-patterns)

</div>

A collection of design patterns/idioms in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Python Tutorial on Geomapping using Folium and
GeoPandas](https://link.medium.com/UWJjxgzgTpb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*3G7EC6q5SG2miYwdc-cWWw.png)](https://link.medium.com/UWJjxgzgTpb)

</div>

Maps and geography have been a long passion of mine, especially in my
International Relations background. A side goal of mine as I grow as…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python's fileinput module makes it easy to write CLI tools that operate
on files or as a
filter.](https://twitter.com/nedbat/status/1524355521314238466?s=12&t=YNY_ec4hfbqegzghKCvtTw)

</div>

(BTW, bat: ) — Ned Batchelder (@nedbat)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An In-Depth Tutorial to Python Decorators That You Can Actually
Use](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-in-depth-tutorial-to-python-decorators-that-you-can-actually-use-1e34d3d2d305?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*w6t1OO4Owzi8Ttk3bE45Qw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-in-depth-tutorial-to-python-decorators-that-you-can-actually-use-1e34d3d2d305?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Going knee-deep into the internals of Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Useful Python decorators for Data
Scientists](https://bytepawn.com/python-decorators-for-data-scientists.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bytepawn.com/images/decorators-ds.jpg)](https://bytepawn.com/python-decorators-for-data-scientists.html)

</div>

I show toy implementations of Python decorator patterns that may be
useful for Data Scientists.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[One Line of Code to Accelerate Your Sklearn Algorithms on Big
Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/one-line-of-code-to-accelerate-your-sklearn-algorithms-on-big-data-9c26190a0dc5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:972/1*hKuJSM0GmY2pW7jm3BvEyQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/one-line-of-code-to-accelerate-your-sklearn-algorithms-on-big-data-9c26190a0dc5)

</div>

The introduction of the intel sklearn extension. Make your Random Forest
even faster than XGBoost.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[CatBoost vs. LightGBM vs.
XGBoost](https://towardsdatascience.com/catboost-vs-lightgbm-vs-xgboost-c80f40662924)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*HWRT6au2SxhwdFV6)](https://towardsdatascience.com/catboost-vs-lightgbm-vs-xgboost-c80f40662924)

</div>

Which is the best algorithm?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why We Switched from Python to Go - Software Engineering
Daily](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2021/03/03/why-we-switched-from-python-to-go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/softwareengineeringdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/GoCowboy.png?fit=1536%2C847&ssl=1)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2021/03/03/why-we-switched-from-python-to-go)

</div>

Switching to a new language is always a big step, especially when only
one of your team members has prior experience with that language. Early
this year, we switched Stream’s primary programming language from Python
to Go. This post will explain some of the reasons why we decided to
leave Python behind and make the switch to

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Must-know Seaborn Functions for Multivariate Data Analysis in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-must-know-seaborn-functions-for-multivariate-data-analysis-in-python-7ba94847b117?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*eG-_eWjmymqzI7bW)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-must-know-seaborn-functions-for-multivariate-data-analysis-in-python-7ba94847b117?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to visualize data using Seaborn’s axes-level and figure-level
plots

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sparse Autoencoder Neural Networks — How to Utilise Sparsity for Robust
Inf](https://towardsdatascience.com/sparse-autoencoder-neural-networks-how-to-utilise-sparsity-for-robust-information-encoding-6aa9ff542bc9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:940/1*1-gz-jCEEnE4XALIUUKVEQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/sparse-autoencoder-neural-networks-how-to-utilise-sparsity-for-robust-information-encoding-6aa9ff542bc9)

</div>

A comparison between Undercomplete and Sparse AE with a detailed Python
example

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Breaking Down the Powerful Magic Behind the Pandas GroupBy
Function](https://towardsdatascience.com/breaking-down-the-powerful-magic-behind-the-pandas-groupby-function-b94cc2427eb9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*-HKK2kfK7zD-Psx4)](https://towardsdatascience.com/breaking-down-the-powerful-magic-behind-the-pandas-groupby-function-b94cc2427eb9)

</div>

A detailed explanation of how groupby works under the hood to help you
understand it better.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python is About to Become 64% Faster — Python 3.10 vs. Python 3.11
Benchmar](https://betterdatascience.com/python-310-vs-python-311)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://betterdatascience.com/thumbnails/python/020_python310_vs_311.jpg)](https://betterdatascience.com/python-310-vs-python-311)

</div>

Let’s compare Python 3.10 vs. Python 3.11 in an extensive benchmark
test. Spoiler alert: Python 3.11 is up to 64% faster!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Louvain’s Algorithm for Community Detection in
Python](https://link.medium.com/ctsNVqOMVob)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SZO7fJFlgsoEptAYSmY0-w.png)](https://link.medium.com/ctsNVqOMVob)

</div>

Apply Louvain’s Algorithm in Python for Community Detection

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Everything About Python Tuple Data Structure: Beginner’s
Guide](https://link.medium.com/TqvciGcgWob)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*RaUT_2XzMi-3_A7c5l3Kew.jpeg)](https://link.medium.com/TqvciGcgWob)

</div>

In this article we will focus on a complete walk through of a Python
tuple data structure

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazing Functools Features in
Python](https://dev.to/vivekthedev/amazing-functools-features-in-python-3gnc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Flex3veec7w8tc1j5o9pn.png)](https://dev.to/vivekthedev/amazing-functools-features-in-python-3gnc)

</div>

I was recently reading Django’s Source Code, and I came across the
@wraps decorator, which led me to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Create a SQL Practice Database with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-sql-practice-database-with-python-d320908e1faf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*roJCCLMqdQl05QgtssWNJA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-sql-practice-database-with-python-d320908e1faf)

</div>

Finally, start practicing SQL with your own database

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Useful Examples of Python’s
itertools](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-useful-examples-of-pythons-itertools-e561dc9f15ca?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*UJZAidRxORGqm5XkW-6PkA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-useful-examples-of-pythons-itertools-e561dc9f15ca?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Saving time and code with flexible utility functions and paradigms

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D-Tale: One of the Best Python Libraries You Have Ever
Seen](https://towardsdatascience.com/d-tale-one-of-the-best-python-libraries-you-have-ever-seen-c2deecdfd2b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*GdSIFuUAngEZq2Xa-lIvwg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/d-tale-one-of-the-best-python-libraries-you-have-ever-seen-c2deecdfd2b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Here is my take on this must-have Python library and why you should give
it a try

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Glossary — Python 3.10.3
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-__slots__)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.python.org/3/_static/og-image.png)](https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-__slots__)

</div>

\>\>\>, The default Python prompt of the interactive shell. Often seen
for code examples which can be executed interactively in the
interpreter.,,..., Can refer to:- The default Python prompt of the i...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Explore and Visualize Geospatial Data using Leafmap Python
Package](https://towardsdatascience.com/explore-and-visualize-geospatial-data-using-leafmap-python-package-5bb8aafba83a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*OQpnY7oquz8SY9ip)](https://towardsdatascience.com/explore-and-visualize-geospatial-data-using-leafmap-python-package-5bb8aafba83a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create interactive maps with just a few lines of Python code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[vinta/awesome-python: A curated list of awesome Python frameworks,
librarie](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/2fd103ffce67189f5faad8513bc6737a4866540a7694b1f556b595a282dc5574/vinta/awesome-python)](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python)

</div>

An opinionated list of awesome Python frameworks, libraries, software
and resources. - vinta/awesome-python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[20 Python Interview Questions To Challenge Your
Knowledge](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-python-interview-questions-to-challenge-your-knowledge-cddc842297c5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*5CnyWf0j4a9daNkY)](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-python-interview-questions-to-challenge-your-knowledge-cddc842297c5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A peek into data structures, programming concepts, and best practices.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is The Difference Between requirements.txt and
setup.py](https://towardsdatascience.com/requirements-vs-setuptools-python-ae3ee66e28af?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*DYI5LGFifOK5sSQhjuCnPw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/requirements-vs-setuptools-python-ae3ee66e28af?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Understanding the purpose of requirements.txt, setup.py and setup.cfg in
Python when developing and distributing packages

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Gentle Introduction to Testing with
PyTest](https://dev.to/bascodes/a-gentle-introduction-to-testing-with-pytest-3fak)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/bascodes/a-gentle-introduction-to-testing-with-pytest-3fak)

</div>

A test is code that executes code. When you start developing a new
feature for your Python project,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Real-world website visitor forecast with Facebook Prophet: A Complete
Tutor](https://towardsdatascience.com/real-world-website-visitor-forecast-with-facebook-prophet-a-complete-tutorial-8d135b848c5e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bJI97qZAxmQWtQcmYzuc3w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/real-world-website-visitor-forecast-with-facebook-prophet-a-complete-tutorial-8d135b848c5e)

</div>

As a data analyst at Microsoft, I must investigate and understand
time-series data every day. Besides looking at some key performance…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Scrape and Extract Data from PDFs Using Python and
tabula-py](https://towardsdatascience.com/scrape-data-from-pdf-files-using-python-fe2dc96b1e68)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*Bwgt-3VHlshuv0G8.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/scrape-data-from-pdf-files-using-python-fe2dc96b1e68)

</div>

You want to make friends with tabula-py and Pandas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Tesseract OCR to Convert PDFs to
Text](https://dev.to/chrishart0/how-to-use-tesseract-ocr-to-convert-pdfs-to-text-564f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fb2oypmpvbvap6x4w2v76.png)](https://dev.to/chrishart0/how-to-use-tesseract-ocr-to-convert-pdfs-to-text-564f)

</div>

This is a cross-post from my blog Arcadian.Cloud, go there to see the
original post. I have some...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scrape Data from PDF Files Using Python and
PDFQuery](https://towardsdatascience.com/scrape-data-from-pdf-files-using-python-and-pdfquery-d033721c3b28)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SLwrjTpeOD4MpwrYqJUBmg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/scrape-data-from-pdf-files-using-python-and-pdfquery-d033721c3b28)

</div>

Extract Data from PDF Files Effectively

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Attributes, Dicts and Slots in
Python](https://dev.to/bascodes/understanding-attributes-dicts-and-slots-in-python-e04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fo6mvnpr30xfs0rn67xmv.jpg)](https://dev.to/bascodes/understanding-attributes-dicts-and-slots-in-python-e04)

</div>

Understanding Attributes in Python Python is a very dynamic language by
nature. Variables...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bipartite — NetworkX 2.6.2
documentation](https://networkx.org/documentation/stable/reference/algorithms/bipartite.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Topic Modeling in Python \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/python/topic-modeling-python?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8ybqarqyXA4h4xlCYx-0A2xAVmpd7wIV0KTjaT5itQUz0hFZMYJBjj5DqlBz_BJnoqL5geXtZMXYuZ9dGU9kOtiIObDw&_hsmi=203516612)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8960432/og_image/optimized/OPEN_GRAPH-34c741d3173c84f2101c6fbf01ca0e3c.png)](https://www.toptal.com/python/topic-modeling-python?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8ybqarqyXA4h4xlCYx-0A2xAVmpd7wIV0KTjaT5itQUz0hFZMYJBjj5DqlBz_BJnoqL5geXtZMXYuZ9dGU9kOtiIObDw&_hsmi=203516612)

</div>

Topic modeling can bring NLP to the next level. Here’s how.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create a simple "Hello World" PDF with and with 4 lines of
code](https://twitter.com/driscollis/status/1489646185723973633?s=12)

</div>

🐍🔥 — Mike Driscoll (@driscollis)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[33 Useful Python Snippets For Everyday Problems With
Lists](https://towardsdatascience.com/33-useful-python-snippets-for-everyday-problems-with-lists-447b9348d2d3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*9POOCv-HAQ5Nlfuv)](https://towardsdatascience.com/33-useful-python-snippets-for-everyday-problems-with-lists-447b9348d2d3)

</div>

Immediately start using them…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Scientists, The 5 Graph Algorithms that you should
know](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-scientists-the-five-graph-algorithms-that-you-should-know-30f454fa5513)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*x_WiMjF0s6_gGRqPmDZ1Eg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-scientists-the-five-graph-algorithms-that-you-should-know-30f454fa5513)

</div>

Because Graph Analytics is the future

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/ch03-classification.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch03-classification.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/89253020/f05d4100-6839-11eb-8595-9c797a965b17)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch03-classification.ipynb)

</div>

based on "Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & TensorFlow"
(O'Reilly, Aurelien Geron) - bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Advanced Tips on Python
Decorators](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-advanced-tips-on-python-decorators-113307d5a92c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*jRrWcGQepqSmMyL0)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-advanced-tips-on-python-decorators-113307d5a92c)

</div>

Do you want to write concise, readable, and efficient code? Well, python
decorators may help you on your journey.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Survival Analysis in Python: A Quick Guide to The Weibull
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/survival-analysis-in-python-a-quick-guide-to-the-weibull-analysis-5babd4f137f6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ofcmBQ79oNJHD7RJ6ckxIw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/survival-analysis-in-python-a-quick-guide-to-the-weibull-analysis-5babd4f137f6)

</div>

A Quick Guide to The Weibull Analysis

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[fb-prophet/01_docs.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/fb-prophet](https://github.com/bjpcjp/fb-prophet/blob/master/01_docs.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/6c9c036ecc14617d886e9ecfd7c580ecf42ffc141cbaf8ef37a43bd29a060ae2/bjpcjp/fb-prophet)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/fb-prophet/blob/master/01_docs.ipynb)

</div>

Prophet (FB time series prediction package) docs to Python code. -
bjpcjp/fb-prophet

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[category-scatterplot/demo.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/category-scatterplot](https://github.com/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot/blob/master/demo.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/b55410ce1dd0e2885d1171c7bea71f98143577d77c62a8ed974299d1a3f9b2e9/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot/blob/master/demo.ipynb)

</div>

Based on scatterplot by Myriam Barnes. A simple to viz categories in a
scatter plot. - bjpcjp/category-scatterplot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating Beautiful Topography Maps with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-beautiful-topography-maps-with-python-efced5507aa3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SPDzjeMe0WCCjhFV67ilpA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-beautiful-topography-maps-with-python-efced5507aa3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Who needs GIS when you can build eye-catching 3D topography maps with
Python?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL
Python](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/PostgreSQL-Python.png)](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python)

</div>

This PostgreSQL Python section shows how to work with PostgreSQL from
Python programming language using the psycopg2 database driver.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[python-data-science-handbook/seaborn at master ·
bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/seaborn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fb5d1964e7000872cfefb9d9e596de05565e42041392929c31fb051fe3fdaa83/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/seaborn)

</div>

Sourced from O'Reilly ebook of the same name.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pycaret-intro/01_intro.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/pycaret-intro](https://github.com/bjpcjp/pycaret-intro/blob/master/01_intro.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/9a6c92211241443e1c87b2b01b13f175fee67f4a6b4788eb8837848ce524f4bd/bjpcjp/pycaret-intro)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/pycaret-intro/blob/master/01_intro.ipynb)

</div>

Introductin to PyCaret.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/ch05-support-vector-machines.ipynb at
master ·
bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch05-support-vector-machines.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/89253020/f05d4100-6839-11eb-8595-9c797a965b17)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch05-support-vector-machines.ipynb)

</div>

based on "Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & TensorFlow"
(O'Reilly, Aurelien Geron) - bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[python-data-science-handbook/numpy at master ·
bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/numpy)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fb5d1964e7000872cfefb9d9e596de05565e42041392929c31fb051fe3fdaa83/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/numpy)

</div>

Sourced from O'Reilly ebook of the same name.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A ~5 minute guide to Numba — Numba
0.52.0.dev0+274.g626b40e-py3.7-linux-x86_64.egg
documentation](https://numba.pydata.org/numba-doc/dev/user/5minguide.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Language Services — Python 3.8.20
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/language.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pandas - Python Data Analysis Library](https://pandas.pydata.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[python-data-science-handbook/pandas at master ·
bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/pandas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fb5d1964e7000872cfefb9d9e596de05565e42041392929c31fb051fe3fdaa83/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/python-data-science-handbook/tree/master/pandas)

</div>

Sourced from O'Reilly ebook of the same name.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Kaggle Way to Tune Hyperparameters with
Optuna](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-kaggle-way-to-tune-hyperparameters-with-optuna-285e59a0b95a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*AI-YmX3qqycS1Weo)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-kaggle-way-to-tune-hyperparameters-with-optuna-285e59a0b95a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Easily and efficiently optimize your model’s hyperparameters with Optuna
with a mini project

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Download a YouTube video with in 6 lines of
code!](https://twitter.com/driscollis/status/1481297754060173320?s=12)

</div>

🐍🔥 — Mike Driscoll (@driscollis)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Blankly - Rapidly Build Quant Models Across
Exchanges](https://blankly.finance)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blankly.finance/platform.png)](https://blankly.finance)

</div>

Build in minutes. Deploy in seconds. Quant workflow reimagined. Built by
developers for developers 🚀

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Trading Algos - 5 Key Metrics and How to Implement Them in
Python](https://dev.to/blankly/trading-algos-5-key-metrics-and-how-to-implement-them-in-python-5gb8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fylgcitr50f29ud9ce3ao.png)](https://dev.to/blankly/trading-algos-5-key-metrics-and-how-to-implement-them-in-python-5gb8)

</div>

Metrics surround us. Whether you're building the next big thing and need
to measure customer churn,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Resources for working with Excel - Working with Excel Files in
Pytho](https://www.python-excel.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Built-in Exceptions — Python 3.8.20
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/exceptions.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Miscellaneous Services — Python 3.8.20
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/misc.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cryptographic Services — Python 3.8.20
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/crypto.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Release of IPython 8.0. IPython is a powerful Python REPL that… \| by
Matthi](https://blog.jupyter.org/release-of-ipython-8-0-6e034ff122ef)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1076/1*2_TYKwP_RInA4QVp9UhMhw.png)](https://blog.jupyter.org/release-of-ipython-8-0-6e034ff122ef)

</div>

IPython is a powerful Python REPL that gives you tab completion, better
tracebacks, multiline editing, and several useful features on top…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[pandas-tips-tricks/pandas-tips-tricks.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/pandas-tips-tricks](https://github.com/bjpcjp/pandas-tips-tricks/blob/master/pandas-tips-tricks.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/723b338f37ff9793172b3a618f2dd47a54ea0579d56e3ae72497cfc426a2f3c4/bjpcjp/pandas-tips-tricks)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/pandas-tips-tricks/blob/master/pandas-tips-tricks.ipynb)

</div>

various tips and tricks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Programming And Numerical Methods: A Guide For Engineers And
Scienti](https://pythonnumericalmethods.berkeley.edu/notebooks/Index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Python open-source tools to extract text and tabular data from PDF
Files](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-python-open-source-tools-to-extract-text-and-tabular-data-from-pdf-files-9359cdde6b56?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uS1g4tB20sxkl1HK6HaNvw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-python-open-source-tools-to-extract-text-and-tabular-data-from-pdf-files-9359cdde6b56?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

This article is a comprehensive overview of different open-source tools
to extract text and tabular data from PDF Files

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 (and Half) Powerful Tricks To Effectively Read CSV Data In
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-and-half-powerful-tricks-to-effectively-read-csv-data-in-python-c4699a4f9d07?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SFqrLpBamc7ZgTkncBLZXw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-and-half-powerful-tricks-to-effectively-read-csv-data-in-python-c4699a4f9d07?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Master usecols, chunksize, parse_dates in pandas read_csv().

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mito: One of the Coolest Python Libraries You Have Ever
Seen](https://link.medium.com/DzsxqYtGIlb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*LUIFxh4CyQ8I8sGebTPjDg.jpeg)](https://link.medium.com/DzsxqYtGIlb)

</div>

Here is my take on this cool Python library and why you should give it a
try

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Dimensionality Reduction in
Python](https://builtin.com/data-science/dimensionality-reduction-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.builtin.com/cdn-cgi/image/f=auto,fit=cover,w=1200,h=635,q=80/https://builtin.com/sites/www.builtin.com/files/2021-11/dimensionality-reduction-python.jpg)](https://builtin.com/data-science/dimensionality-reduction-python)

</div>

Dimensionality reduction is a vital tool for data scientists across
industries. Here is a guide to getting started with it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Machine Learning Project From Scratch: Setting
Up](https://www.mihaileric.com/posts/setting-up-a-machine-learning-project)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/20-awesome-sources-of-free-data-612c26257336f-sej.jpg)](https://www.mihaileric.com/posts/setting-up-a-machine-learning-project)

</div>

In this first post in a series on how to build a complete machine
learning product from scratch, I describe how to setup your project and
tooling.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Probability Distributions with Python’s
SciPy](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-distributions-with-pythons-scipy-3da89bf60565)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*NEKjA3JhvHKqW-EJAP9hHg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-distributions-with-pythons-scipy-3da89bf60565)

</div>

How to Model random Processes with Distributions and Fit them to
Observational Data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[functools — Higher-order functions and operations on callable
objects](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.python.org/3/_static/og-image.png)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html)

</div>

Source code: Lib/functools.py The functools module is for higher-order
functions: functions that act on or return other functions. In general,
any callable object can be treated as a function for t...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding all of Python, through its
builtins](https://sadh.life/post/builtins)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tushar.lol/images/builtins.jpg)](https://sadh.life/post/builtins)

</div>

Python has a whole lot of builtins that are unknown to most people. This
guide aims to introduce you to everything that Python has to offer,
through its seemingly obscure builtins.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started with Streamlit for Data
Science](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/getting-started-with/9781800565500)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781800565500/1200w630h/)](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/getting-started-with/9781800565500)

</div>

Create, deploy, and test your Python applications, analyses, and models
with ease using Streamlit Key Features Learn how to showcase machine
learning models in a Streamlit application effectively and efficiently
… - Selection from Getting Started with Streamlit for Data Science
\[Book\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Assert Statement — Everything You Need To Know Explained in 5
Minute](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-assert-statement-everything-you-need-to-know-explained-in-5-minutes-4b13c39c8391?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*gpoOVBuPNyPAyR6NO7oXCg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-assert-statement-everything-you-need-to-know-explained-in-5-minutes-4b13c39c8391?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Why, when, and how — Learn assert statements in Python right now.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Clustering Made Easy with PyCaret](https://link.medium.com/pNqb8FM5nkb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*k7m_lgr--sBapUz9)](https://link.medium.com/pNqb8FM5nkb)

</div>

Low-code Machine Learning with a Powerful Python Library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Streamlit, which helps data scientists build apps, hits version
1.0](https://venturebeat.com/2021/10/11/streamlit-which-helps-data-scientists-build-apps-hits-version-1-0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/data-science-mitchell-e1633969798233.jpg?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/2021/10/11/streamlit-which-helps-data-scientists-build-apps-hits-version-1-0)

</div>

Streamlit releases v1.0 of its DataOps platform for data science apps to
make it easier for data scientists to share code and components.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python/DIRECTORY.md at master ·
TheAlgorithms/Python](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Python/blob/master/DIRECTORY.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/471b5e3d42b71226e8e5875297f3a0a637e3abcaa418e697a58e588dcc058497/TheAlgorithms/Python)](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Python/blob/master/DIRECTORY.md)

</div>

All Algorithms implemented in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to deploy streamlit app to
Heroku](https://dev.to/kevorkkeheian/how-to-deploy-streamlit-app-to-heroku-khn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fokdxw3daupjbkntovf88.png)](https://dev.to/kevorkkeheian/how-to-deploy-streamlit-app-to-heroku-khn)

</div>

Hello everyone, This is a step by step tutorial about how to deploy your
Streamlit app to Heroku. ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create a Web App in Under Thirty Minutes with Streamlit, MongoDB and
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-a-web-app-in-under-thirty-minutes-with-streamlit-mongodb-and-heroku-41f211953786)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*YYDKyIIbLanZqjOh)](https://towardsdatascience.com/create-a-web-app-in-under-thirty-minutes-with-streamlit-mongodb-and-heroku-41f211953786)

</div>

An aspiring Full Stack Developer’s guide to quickly developing and
deploying scalable web applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Practical Introduction to 9 Regression
Algorithms](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-practical-introduction-to-9-regression-algorithms-389057f86eb9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*F2f1whiAvABj6le6mrLkBg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-practical-introduction-to-9-regression-algorithms-389057f86eb9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Hands-on tutorial to effectively use different Regression Algorithms

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[If You Can Write Functions, You Can Use
Dask](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/09/write-functions-use-dask.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/write_functions_use_dask_01.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/09/write-functions-use-dask.html)

</div>

This article is the second article of an ongoing series on using Dask in
practice. Each article in this series will be simple enough for
beginners, but provide useful tips for real work. The first article in
the series is about using LocalCluster.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Generate Automated PDF Documents with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-generate-automated-pdf-documents-with-python-55981f4d9e3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*sdrUaK1sG1fKrJHk)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-generate-automated-pdf-documents-with-python-55981f4d9e3)

</div>

Leveraging automation to create dazzling PDF documents effortlessly

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scikit-Learn Version
1.0](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/whats_new/v1.0.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/_static/scikit-learn-logo-small.png)](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/whats_new/v1.0.html)

</div>

For a short description of the main highlights of the release, please
refer to Release Highlights for scikit-learn 1.0. Legend for changelogs
something big that you couldn’t do before., something t...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beautiful Soup Documentation — Beautiful Soup 4.9.0
documentation](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ABZ-Aaron/CheatSheets: Just a place to store
cheatsheets](https://github.com/ABZ-Aaron/CheatSheets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3ffc4b3f94b9a7cf6bb14a9f6819362e22e32e98ec1e46d39850475dca93d3a0/ABZ-Aaron/CheatSheets)](https://github.com/ABZ-Aaron/CheatSheets)

</div>

Just a place to store cheatsheets.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Python Snippets to Optimize your Data Science
Pipeline](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/08/15-python-snippets-optimize-data-science-pipeline.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/soares_15_python_snippets_01.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/08/15-python-snippets-optimize-data-science-pipeline.html)

</div>

Quick Python solutions to help your data science cycle.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Imaging Library (PIL)
Tutorial](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/08/21/python-imaging-library-pil-tutorial)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i2.wp.com/thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/PIL.png?fit=1920%2C1080&ssl=1)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/08/21/python-imaging-library-pil-tutorial)

</div>

In this article, I will introduce you to a tutorial on the Python
Imaging Library. Learn how to use Python Imaging Library or PIL.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create a Geofence with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-geofence-with-python-part-1-14c3864cf9cc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*FJo5FjZVWFhR9SspzzaJpw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-a-geofence-with-python-part-1-14c3864cf9cc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Taking Advantage of Your Location Data for an Expansive Range of
Possibilities

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ultimate Python Libraries for Image
Processing](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ultimate-python-libraries-for-image-processing-13f89d32769e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*7SF7Ai0xkGVZ5i-Xi5ABxg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ultimate-python-libraries-for-image-processing-13f89d32769e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

OpenCV is not the only one

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[scikit-learn-intelex ·
PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/scikit-learn-intelex)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/scikit-learn-intelex)

</div>

Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn is a seamless way to speed up your
Scikit-learn application.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyMOL \| pymol.org](https://pymol.org/2)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Tricks: Generators
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-tricks-generators-explained-4b4ba00402e4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*2ni3d-j3Nz3SAO_B)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-tricks-generators-explained-4b4ba00402e4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How does a generator in Python work?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[14 Must-Know pip Commands For Data Scientists and
Engineers](https://towardsdatascience.com/14-must-know-pip-commands-for-data-scientists-and-engineers-a59ebbe0a439?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Q1zg9bvkmjpDcnSjLYjdkQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/14-must-know-pip-commands-for-data-scientists-and-engineers-a59ebbe0a439?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Exploring some of the most useful pip commands for everyday programming

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Parameterize Python Tests Using
Pytest](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-parameterize-python-tests-using-pytest-e8800bf288c5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*TvrZCH0qmXWq-Hlm)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-parameterize-python-tests-using-pytest-e8800bf288c5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Passing Arguments to Fixtures and Test Functions

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Martin Heinz \| Functools - The Power of Higher-Order Functions
in Python](https://martinheinz.dev/blog/52)

</div>

There are lots of great Python libraries, but most of them don't come
close to what built-in itertools and also

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why decorators in Python are pure
genius](https://link.medium.com/83HMWSzoChb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*04aTTsPt0eUPY64YfvO4gg.jpeg)](https://link.medium.com/83HMWSzoChb)

</div>

Analyze, test, and re-use your code with little more than an @ symbol

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands-on Survival Analysis with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-survival-analysis-with-python-270fa1e6fb41?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Zqk9SXBRdwmuaxd_phazag.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-survival-analysis-with-python-270fa1e6fb41?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

What companies can learn from employee turnover data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[fairseq/examples/stories at main ·
facebookresearch/fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/tree/master/examples/stories)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/55e3d9a6b9ec4cc48adb69e33669cef83752f3a69e9d9207f5d4b3f1c66170e9/facebookresearch/fairseq)](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/tree/master/examples/stories)

</div>

Facebook AI Research Sequence-to-Sequence Toolkit written in Python. -
facebookresearch/fairseq

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Read Excel files with Python. 1000x
Faster.](https://towardsdatascience.com/read-excel-files-with-python-1000x-faster-407d07ad0ed8)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:728/0*OWlt7BQBEGHNNtLp.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/read-excel-files-with-python-1000x-faster-407d07ad0ed8)

</div>

In this article, I’ll show you five ways to load data in Python.
Achieving a speedup of 3 orders of magnitude.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[TheAlgorithms/Python: All Algorithms implemented in
Python](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/667026a25af1eca631f6399bbb2f37a4bcd46116144ae5960685830abfa577e3/TheAlgorithms/Python)](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Python)

</div>

All Algorithms implemented in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Turn Excel Into a Beautiful Web Application Using
Streamlit](https://towardsdatascience.com/turn-excel-into-a-beautiful-web-application-using-streamlit-7a18516ca01a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1125/0*21R6aw9ritsI5wpL)](https://towardsdatascience.com/turn-excel-into-a-beautiful-web-application-using-streamlit-7a18516ca01a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Present your data as an interactive dashboard web application using the
python library Streamlit

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The torch.linalg module: Accelerated Linear Algebra with Autograd in
PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/blog/torch-linalg-autograd)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pytorch.org/assets/images/cholesky-decomposition.png)](https://pytorch.org/blog/torch-linalg-autograd)

</div>

Linear algebra is essential to deep learning and scientific computing,
and it’s always been a core part of PyTorch. PyTorch 1.9 extends
PyTorch’s support for linear algebra operations with the torch.linalg
module. This module, documented here, has 26 operators, including faster
and easier to use versions of older PyTorch operators, every function
from NumPy’s linear algebra module extended with accelerator and
autograd support, and a few operators that are completely new. This
makes the torch.linalg immediately familiar to NumPy users and an
exciting update to PyTorch’s linear algebra support.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GPBoost: Combining Tree-Boosting with Gaussian Process and Mixed
Effects Mo](https://github.com/fabsig/GPBoost)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bb48dfabc35fc78e86b77c5a542aad051f30f9336f626594be3de3de5f2eddad/fabsig/GPBoost)](https://github.com/fabsig/GPBoost)

</div>

Combining tree-boosting with Gaussian process and mixed effects models -
fabsig/GPBoost

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A from-scratch tour of Bitcoin in
Python](https://karpathy.github.io/2021/06/21/blockchain)

</div>

Musings of a Computer Scientist.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction - Hugging Face NLP
Course](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://huggingface.co/front/thumbnails/learn/nlp-course.png)](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1)

</div>

We’re on a journey to advance and democratize artificial intelligence
through open source and open science.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Functioning with python functional programming- lambda, map, filter,
zip, reduce,
accumulate](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/functioning-python-functional-programming-lambda-map-shaleen-taneja)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C5612AQH-TxUhjv4YYg/article-cover_image-shrink_720_1280/article-cover_image-shrink_720_1280/0/1622532018819?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=mjGLnhM0OJ5dB4bXwZwR8FHxpqdXNi8KMYIHqLHA3C4)](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/functioning-python-functional-programming-lambda-map-shaleen-taneja)

</div>

In this post, we will understand how python functional programming can
be used efficiently to achieve tasks artistically as it is rightly said
programming is indeed an art. We prefer using higher-order functions
than simply looping because internally these are implemented in C making
them more effic

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Schedule Python Scripts With Cron — The Only Guide You’ll Ever
Need](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-schedule-python-scripts-with-cron-the-only-guide-youll-ever-need-deea2df63b4e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*HLDS1Asd2YWJKiwiliMEjg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-schedule-python-scripts-with-cron-the-only-guide-youll-ever-need-deea2df63b4e)

</div>

Automate your Python script execution — works on Linux and macOS.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Virtual environments for absolute beginners — what is it and how to
create one (+ examples)](https://link.medium.com/bn4zWll49gb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1116/0*W3kQ7gd5zdkNZW_7)](https://link.medium.com/bn4zWll49gb)

</div>

A deep dive into Python virtual environments, pip and avoiding entangled
dependencies

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Quick Guide To Using Environment Variables in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-quick-guide-to-using-environment-variables-in-python-d4ec9291619e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*NsknVZfCWbU0FLEe)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-quick-guide-to-using-environment-variables-in-python-d4ec9291619e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Set your application secrets, load, and retrieve them easily in your
Data Science apps.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Development with Python: Dash (complete
tutorial)](https://towardsdatascience.com/web-development-with-python-dash-complete-tutorial-6716186e09b3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:962/1*v7gWbqrM0B5q0scN4U1tKw.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/web-development-with-python-dash-complete-tutorial-6716186e09b3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Draw with Plotly, Embed Bootstrap CSS, Upload & Download files, Change
Inputs after selection, Navbars, Spinners, and more…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Web Applications with
Streamlit](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-web-applications-with-streamlit-95f84420fe13?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fvAflVQqOZfRtWySw7QRgA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-web-applications-with-streamlit-95f84420fe13?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using Streamlit to Build an ML-based Web Application

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seaborn can do the job, then why
Matplotlib?](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-can-do-the-job-then-why-matplotlib-dac8d2d24a5f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*WulakottOyQ6wVNi)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-can-do-the-job-then-why-matplotlib-dac8d2d24a5f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Should you bypass Matplotlib?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Factories for Scalable, Reusable, and Elegant
Code](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-factories-for-scalable-reusable-and-elegant-code-1358ea06936d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*vlrXhKoFqxQDNmsZ7rwxfQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-factories-for-scalable-reusable-and-elegant-code-1358ea06936d)

</div>

In a real-life factory, the production of identical or similar objects
is not done individually but rather streamlined in assembly lines.
Similarly, the factory design pattern allows you to create…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make Pandas 3 Times Faster with
PyPolars](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/05/pandas-faster-pypolars.html)

</div>

Learn how to speed up your Pandas workflow using the PyPolars library.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Interpreting Scattertext: a seductive tool for plotting
text](https://towardsdatascience.com/interpreting-scattertext-a-seductive-tool-for-plotting-text-2e94e5824858)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NdrqMURvbkj1oNZgbepGJg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/interpreting-scattertext-a-seductive-tool-for-plotting-text-2e94e5824858)

</div>

Scroll down to see how to interpret a plot created by a great tool for
comparing two classes and their corpora.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dask DataFrames — How to Run Pandas in Parallel With
Ease](https://towardsdatascience.com/dask-dataframes-how-to-run-pandas-in-parallel-with-ease-b8b1f6b2646b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*WQURO9k08NIsrQ1PkqHhXw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/dask-dataframes-how-to-run-pandas-in-parallel-with-ease-b8b1f6b2646b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Are you a Data Scientist experienced with Pandas? Then you know its pain
points. There's an easy solution - Dask - which enables you to run
Pandas computations in parallel.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding \*args and \*\*kwargs in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-args-and-kwargs-in-python-321937f49c5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*qdRCuZn-13M550a5)](https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-args-and-kwargs-in-python-321937f49c5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

If you are a beginning Python programmer, you might come across function
declarations with parameters that look like this: The \* and the \*\*
operators above allow you to pass in variable number of…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quantra — a Python coding platform to learn quantitative
finance](https://towardsdatascience.com/quantra-a-python-coding-platform-to-learn-quantitative-finance-8e5e88c89120?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*5gdsdRUjVNa_ToY-PF2cYQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/quantra-a-python-coding-platform-to-learn-quantitative-finance-8e5e88c89120?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

To be honest, the title of the article does quite a good job in
describing what Quantra actually is. It’s a platform that helps
potential students with their journey of learning about quantitative…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to cartoonize an image with
Python](https://dev.to/stokry/how-to-cartoonize-an-image-with-python-1e01)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F1bbzb00qcwmr5jp41wfc.png)](https://dev.to/stokry/how-to-cartoonize-an-image-with-python-1e01)

</div>

In this tutorial, I will show you how to give a cartoon-effect to an
image in Python with OpenCV. Op...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Predict Customer Churn (the right way) using
PyCaret](https://towardsdatascience.com/predict-customer-churn-the-right-way-using-pycaret-8ba6541608ac?gi=1a16116db744&source=social.tw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mu45A-psfPHTIM1F_nUXBw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/predict-customer-churn-the-right-way-using-pycaret-8ba6541608ac?gi=1a16116db744&source=social.tw)

</div>

A step-by-step guide on how to predict customer churn the right way
using PyCaret that actually optimizes the business objective and
improves ROI for the business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Handling exceptions in Python like a pro ?
?](https://blog.guilatrova.dev/handling-exceptions-in-python-like-a-pro)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://guicommits.com/content/images/2022/05/Blog-Post-Handling-Exceptions-Like-a-PRO.png)](https://blog.guilatrova.dev/handling-exceptions-in-python-like-a-pro)

</div>

In this post, I show you a real-life example of how to create, handle
and log exceptions effectively in Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pytorchvideo a deep learning library for video
understanding](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/pytorchvideo-a-deep-learning-library-for-video-understanding)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Scraping to Create a Dataset using
Python](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/05/14/web-scraping-to-create-a-dataset-using-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Web-Scraping-to-Create-a-Dataset-using-python.png?fit=1920%2C1080&ssl=1)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/05/14/web-scraping-to-create-a-dataset-using-python)

</div>

In this article, I'm going to walk you through a tutorial on web
scraping to create a dataset using Python and BeautifulSoup.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: MPL Plotter – Python library to make technical plots more
efficien](https://github.com/antonlopezr/mpl_plotter)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bd14408038e7fe7b79ac1e967eeee771bdbd99ba14f2866ddde1d66c7493d446/alopezrivera/mpl_plotter)](https://github.com/antonlopezr/mpl_plotter)

</div>

Publication-quality data representation library based on Matplotlib. -
alopezrivera/mpl_plotter

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to PyTorch
Lightning](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-of-pytorch-lightning-230d03bcb262?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*x3i5Poku0ZpFzdHF)](https://towardsdatascience.com/an-introduction-of-pytorch-lightning-230d03bcb262?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Word on the street is that PyTorch lightning is a much better version of
normal PyTorch. But what could it possibly have that it brought such
consensus in our world? Well, it helps researchers scale…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Vaex: Pandas but 1000x
faster](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/05/vaex-pandas-1000x-faster.html)

</div>

If you are working with big data, especially on your local machine, then
learning the basics of Vaex, a Python library that enables the fast
processing of large datasets, will provide you with a productive
alternative to Pandas.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 5 Python libraries for Computer
vision](https://dev.to/stokry/top-5-python-libraries-for-computer-vision-47ga)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F0qrkw79dpm95yxooymed.gif)](https://dev.to/stokry/top-5-python-libraries-for-computer-vision-47ga)

</div>

Computer vision is the field of computer science that focuses on
replicating parts of the complexity...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My Favorite One Liners \|
Muhammad](https://muhammadraza.me/2021/Oneliners)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://muhammadraza.me/)](https://muhammadraza.me/2021/Oneliners)

</div>

Commandline one liners that makes your workflow more productive

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Prophet \| Forecasting at scale.](https://facebook.github.io/prophet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://facebook.github.io/prophet/static/og_image.png)](https://facebook.github.io/prophet)

</div>

Prophet is a forecasting procedure implemented in R and Python. It is
fast and provides completely automated forecasts that can be tuned by
hand by data scientists and analysts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make Beautiful Spatial Visualizations with Plotly and
Mapbox](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-beautiful-spatial-visualizations-with-plotly-and-mapbox-fd5a638d6b3c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*JavIMa_YMAhRBR5cnJZtQQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-beautiful-spatial-visualizations-with-plotly-and-mapbox-fd5a638d6b3c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I recently wrote a post about visualizing weather data from NOAA. We
walked through processing the data and making some basic interactive
maps with Plotly. In this article I want to use the same data…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to start with streamlit web
framework.](https://dev.to/rishabh062/how-to-start-with-streamlit-web-framework-5eij)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fsemhu4drwdx65tx7rut9.jpg)](https://dev.to/rishabh062/how-to-start-with-streamlit-web-framework-5eij)

</div>

Sometimes you make a data science , machine learning or computer vision
projects but suddenly you stu...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Dask and How Does it
Work?](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-dask-and-how-does-it-work-aa99770a31cf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:464/1*w5ymtkHv5G6ijnBpdhwXHg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-dask-and-how-does-it-work-aa99770a31cf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

This article will first address what makes Dask special and then explain
in more detail how Dask works. So: what makes Dask special? Python has a
rich ecosystem of data science libraries including…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Hitchhiker's Guide to SQLite with
Python](https://dev.to/arctype/a-hitchhiker-s-guide-to-sqlite-with-python-3c9j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fbkjooyyxlp4d7i1ovdal.png)](https://dev.to/arctype/a-hitchhiker-s-guide-to-sqlite-with-python-3c9j)

</div>

To explore SQLite along with Python, which is a user-friendly and
no-nonsense language, we are going...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simple but Stunning: Animated Cellular Automata in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/simple-but-stunning-animated-cellular-automata-in-python-c912e0c156a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*Yf8vqHmOy3DPeSi5.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/simple-but-stunning-animated-cellular-automata-in-python-c912e0c156a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Automation epitomizes the last few decades of rapid technological
development where many processes take place without human intervention.
But what exactly does it mean? These are the two most common…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 Examples to Get You From a Novice to an Advanced Pandas
User](https://towardsdatascience.com/30-examples-to-get-you-from-a-novice-to-an-advanced-pandas-user-e6eb4e8750b7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*XXD4rNisPxdk5CH1.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/30-examples-to-get-you-from-a-novice-to-an-advanced-pandas-user-e6eb4e8750b7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Pandas is a data analysis and manipulation library for Python. It is one
of the most popular tools among data scientists and analysts. Pandas can
handle an entire data analytics pipeline. It provides…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nine Emerging Python Libraries You Should Add to Your Data Science
Toolkit in
2022](https://towardsdatascience.com/nine-emerging-python-libraries-you-should-add-to-your-data-science-toolkit-in-2021-85ce3d239846)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*MsyrS218gRTUwyniuuR4Bw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/nine-emerging-python-libraries-you-should-add-to-your-data-science-toolkit-in-2021-85ce3d239846)

</div>

As Data Science continues to grow and develop, it’s only natural for new
tools to emerge, especially considering the fact that data…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Summary of Active Learning
Frameworks](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-summary-of-active-learning-frameworks-3165159baae9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*mMaaHlhVlIaGjocRUj5KlA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-summary-of-active-learning-frameworks-3165159baae9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

If you are dealing with a classification task, I recommend the modAL. As
for the sequence labeling task, the AlpacaTag is the only choice for
you. Active learning could decrease the number of labels…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Geopandas Hands-on: Geospatial Relations and
Operations](https://towardsdatascience.com/geopandas-hands-on-geospatial-relations-and-operations-a6e7047d7ba1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*w4qrnWG09yU-6234)](https://towardsdatascience.com/geopandas-hands-on-geospatial-relations-and-operations-a6e7047d7ba1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Part 1: Introduction to geospatial concepts (follow here) Part 2:
Geospatial visualization and geometry creation (follow here) Part 3:
Geospatial operations (this post) Part 4: Building geospatial…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Numpy Functions You Should
Understand](https://towardsdatascience.com/five-numpy-functions-you-should-understand-e0e35704e7d2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*Fp_4jgGuyUK2lc_9)](https://towardsdatascience.com/five-numpy-functions-you-should-understand-e0e35704e7d2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to stack your array horizontally and vertically, find unique values,
split your array and some more tips to use Numpy effectively.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Time Series Forecasting with PyCaret Regression
Module](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2021/04/time-series-forecasting-pycaret-regression-module.html)

</div>

PyCaret is an alternate low-code library that can be used to replace
hundreds of lines of code with few lines only. See how to use PyCaret's
Regression Module for Time Series Forecasting.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic Music Theory in ~200 Lines of
Python](https://www.mvanga.com/blog/basic-music-theory-in-200-lines-of-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://og-image.now.sh/Next.js%20Blog%20Starter%20Example.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=100px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.vercel.com%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnextjs-black-logo.svg)](https://www.mvanga.com/blog/basic-music-theory-in-200-lines-of-python)

</div>

A basic introduction to Western music theory using the Python
programming language to derive scales, chords, and modes in every key.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Use Python to Design Automation Tools for Excel
Users](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-python-to-design-automation-tools-for-excel-users-e824b37c646d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*bbgbzoAn3uo7GOM86iIhQA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-python-to-design-automation-tools-for-excel-users-e824b37c646d)

</div>

Design of Excel Automation Tools for Sales Analytics ready to be used by
your colleagues without any prior knowledge of Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Extract Tables from PDF file in a single line of Python
Code](https://towardsdatascience.com/extract-tables-from-pdf-file-in-a-single-line-of-python-code-5b572cd9fbe5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ciaS2KoaHIx8F2vsa6Oxfg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/extract-tables-from-pdf-file-in-a-single-line-of-python-code-5b572cd9fbe5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to extract and convert tables from PDFs into Pandas Dataframe using
Camelot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Python Tricks That Will Ease Your
Life](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-tricks-that-will-ease-your-life-6b48952caedf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*A18BP5CDnawDdi-IzhfOzQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-tricks-that-will-ease-your-life-6b48952caedf)

</div>

Explained with examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DIY XGBoost library in less than 200 lines of
python](https://towardsdatascience.com/diy-xgboost-library-in-less-than-200-lines-of-python-69b6bf25e7d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*v7uP108oJifBZXrj)](https://towardsdatascience.com/diy-xgboost-library-in-less-than-200-lines-of-python-69b6bf25e7d9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

XGBoost explained as well as gradient boosting method and HP tuning by
building your own gradient boosting library for decision trees.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using PyTorch + NumPy? You're making a
mistake.](https://tanelp.github.io/posts/a-bug-that-plagues-thousands-of-open-source-ml-projects)

</div>

A bug that plagues thousands of open-source ML projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Accelerate Signal Processing in
Python](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/how-to-accelerate-signal-processing-in-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/Screen-Shot-2021-03-28-at-10.12.42-PM-2.png)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/how-to-accelerate-signal-processing-in-python)

</div>

This post is the seventh installment of the series of articles on the
RAPIDS ecosystem. The series explores and discusses various aspects of
RAPIDS that allow its users solve ETL (Extract, Transform…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wicked Fast Python With
Itertools](https://towardsdatascience.com/wicked-fast-python-with-itertools-55c77443f84c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*DDR5FZOnUWRRqntznBhK3w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/wicked-fast-python-with-itertools-55c77443f84c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A quick look at an easy way to make Python faster and more effective for
machine-learning by using the itertools module.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Preprocessing in Python Pandas — Part 6 Dropping
Duplicates](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-preprocessing-in-python-pandas-part-6-dropping-duplicates-e35e46bcc9d6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*0SKy1pjlzgb0HvOE237AAA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-preprocessing-in-python-pandas-part-6-dropping-duplicates-e35e46bcc9d6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A quick tutorial to drop duplicates using the Python Pandas library.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a full-text search engine in 150 lines of Python code · Bart
de
Goede](https://bart.degoe.de/building-a-full-text-search-engine-150-lines-of-code)

</div>

Full-text search is everywhere. From finding a book on Scribd, a movie
on Netflix, toilet paper on Amazon, or anything else on the web through
Google (like \[how to do your job as a software
engineer\](https://localghost.dev/2019/09/everything-i-googled-in-a-week-as-a-professional-software-engineer/)),
you've searched vast amounts of unstructured data multiple times today.
What's even more amazing, is that you've even though you searched
millions (or \[billions\](https://www.worldwidewebsize.com/)) of
records, you got a response in milliseconds. In this post, we are going
to build a basic full-text search engine that can search across millions
of documents and rank them according to their relevance to the query in
milliseconds, in less than 150 lines of code!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Xgboost regression training on CPU and GPU in
python](https://towardsdatascience.com/xgboost-regression-training-on-cpu-and-gpu-in-python-5a8187a43395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Q6IdeF35djYrU177L_PoKA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/xgboost-regression-training-on-cpu-and-gpu-in-python-5a8187a43395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

GPU vs CPU training speed comparison for xgboost

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 Pandas Built-in Functions You Should
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-pandas-built-in-functions-you-should-know-1cf1783c2b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*KcFcZEq6RVAK5q-f)](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-pandas-built-in-functions-you-should-know-1cf1783c2b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

No need to install, import and initialize — Just use them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Conda: essential concepts and
tricks](https://towardsdatascience.com/conda-essential-concepts-and-tricks-e478ed53b5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*rx7ieFoK6dGNeuwJNx9hvA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/conda-essential-concepts-and-tricks-e478ed53b5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

for beginners as well as advanced users

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use loc and iloc for selecting data in
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-loc-and-iloc-for-selecting-data-in-pandas-bd09cb4c3d79)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*eACslI-RYU6vHUReWgMbRQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-loc-and-iloc-for-selecting-data-in-pandas-bd09cb4c3d79)

</div>

Pandas tips and tricks to help you get started with data analysis

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Must-Know Data Wrangling Operations with Python
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-must-know-data-wrangling-operations-with-python-pandas-849438a90d15?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*WJhnUNCdS399VwW2ss4hrA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-must-know-data-wrangling-operations-with-python-pandas-849438a90d15?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A comprehensive practical guide

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 powerful built-in functions from the Python standard
library](https://dev.to/jmswaney/10-powerful-built-in-functions-from-the-python-standard-library-1116)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fa0sdk0d2gndopmuqfcff.jpg)](https://dev.to/jmswaney/10-powerful-built-in-functions-from-the-python-standard-library-1116)

</div>

Photo by Divide By Zero on Unsplash There are a ton of awesome packages
available in the Python ecos...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to use PyCaret — the library for lazy data
scientists](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-pycaret-the-library-for-lazy-data-scientists-91343f960bd2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*q1Zn-vbaMahA9kIOhVJ-kQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-pycaret-the-library-for-lazy-data-scientists-91343f960bd2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Train, visualize, evaluate, interpret, and deploy models with minimal
code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Things to Know to Get Started with With Pandas
Groupby](https://towardsdatascience.com/8-things-to-know-to-get-started-with-with-pandas-groupby-3086dc91acb4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*N1oH4H0B3y5dRU4g)](https://towardsdatascience.com/8-things-to-know-to-get-started-with-with-pandas-groupby-3086dc91acb4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Groupby is so powerful, which may sound daunting to beginners, but you
don’t have to know all of its features.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jupyter: Get ready to ditch the IPython kernel \| by Dimitris
Poulopoulos
\|](https://towardsdatascience.com/jupyter-get-ready-to-ditch-the-ipython-kernel-54d60776d7ef?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*jxyqXlAsH2ky6xPDfJVNsg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/jupyter-get-ready-to-ditch-the-ipython-kernel-54d60776d7ef?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

JupyterLab moves closer to becoming a full-fledged IDE with xeus-python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gradient-Free-Optimizers A collection of modern optimization methods in
Pyt](https://github.com/SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/252927263/9aa25580-5122-11eb-9d2e-f8879d82b1d5)](https://github.com/SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers)

</div>

Simple and reliable optimization with local, global, population-based
and sequential techniques in numerical discrete search spaces. -
SimonBlanke/Gradient-Free-Optimizers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Are You Still Using Pandas to Process Big Data in
2021?](https://link.medium.com/s7elocy8geb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*-RQZYqNWKwn34rpy)](https://link.medium.com/s7elocy8geb)

</div>

Pandas doesn’t handle well Big Data. These two libraries do! Which one
is better? Faster?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyCaret — pycaret 2.2.0
documentation](https://pycaret.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home - PyCaret](https://pycaret.org)

</div>

\[et_pb_section fb_built=”1″ admin_label=”Header”
\_builder_version=”4.12.0″ background_color=”#01012C” collapsed=”on”
global_colors_info=”{}”\]\[et_pb_row column_structure=”1_2,1_2″
\_builder_version=”4.12.0″ collapsed=”on”
global_colors_info=”{}”\]\[et_pb_column type=”1_2″
\_builder_version=”4.12.0″ z_index=”10″
custom_padding=”18%\|\|\|\|false\|false”
global_colors_info=”{}”\]\[et_pb_text \_builder_version=”4.14.7″
text_font=”Montserrat\|800\|\|\|\|\|\|\|” text_text_color=”#01012C”
text_font_size=”470px” text_line_height=”1em” positioning=”absolute”
custom_margin=”\|-30%\|\|-10%\|false\|false”
custom_margin_tablet=”\|0%\|\|-5%\|false\|false”
custom_margin_phone=”\|0%\|\|\|false\|false”
custom_margin_last_edited=”on\|desktop” text_font_size_tablet=”40vw”
text_font_size_phone=”40vw” text_font_size_last_edited=”on\|tablet”
text_text_shadow_style=”preset5″
text_text_shadow_horizontal_length=”-1.5px”
text_text_shadow_vertical_length=”-1.5px”
text_text_shadow_color=”#DB0EB7″ global_colors_info=”{}”\] pc
\[/et_pb_text\]\[et_pb_text \_builder_version=”4.14.7″
header_font=”Barlow Condensed\|500\|\|\|\|\|\|\|”
header_text_color=”#FFFFFF” header_font_size=”122px”
custom_margin=”\|\|0px\|\|false\|false” header_font_size_tablet=”42px”
header_font_size_phone=”26px” header_font_size_last_edited=”on\|tablet”
global_colors_info=”{}”\] low-code machine learning
\[/et_pb_text\]\[et_pb_button button_url=”https://pycaret.gitbook.io”
url_new_window=”on” button_text=”GET STARTED” \_builder_version=”4.14.7″
\[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Guide To Survival Analysis In Python, part 3 -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/07/guide-survival-analysis-python-part-3.html)

</div>

Concluding this three-part series covering a step-by-step review of
statistical survival analysis, we look at a detailed example
implementing the Kaplan-Meier fitter based on different groups, a
Log-Rank test, and Cox Regression, all with examples and shared code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generative Graph Models with
NetworkX](https://towardsdatascience.com/generative-graph-models-with-networkx-727b154ceda4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*QW7XwbzFHl4Hp6dp)](https://towardsdatascience.com/generative-graph-models-with-networkx-727b154ceda4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A comprehensive guide on standard generative graph approaches with
implementation in NetworkX

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[8 Must-Know File System Operations In
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/8-must-know-file-system-operations-in-python-7dc185daeccd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Niql5NkHe9SyiLz5fgPCjg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/8-must-know-file-system-operations-in-python-7dc185daeccd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The essential for Python in tasks automation apps

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Processing with Python — Using RG
Chromaticity](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-using-rg-chromaticity-c585e7905818?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:712/1*yVaiKs01yoCxSo2CfhUQ0A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-using-rg-chromaticity-c585e7905818?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to use the Gaussian Distribution for Image Segmentation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Processing with Python — Template Matching with
Scikit-Image](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-template-matching-with-scikit-image-6e82fdd77b66?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Amm2Ei9zbk7V0_fCcr_6qg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-template-matching-with-scikit-image-6e82fdd77b66?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to identify similar objects in your image

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Processing with Python — Blob Detection using
Scikit-Image](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-blob-detection-using-scikit-image-5df9a8380ade?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*WNpAl0gOxuIJcQpaCr2T1A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-blob-detection-using-scikit-image-5df9a8380ade?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to identify and segregate specific blobs in your image

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SVM Classifier and RBF Kernel — How to Make Better Models in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/svm-classifier-and-rbf-kernel-how-to-make-better-models-in-python-73bb4914af5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:1200:632/g:fp:0.49:0.48/1*eTraVvz2Xe4BRXVW3tQOcg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/svm-classifier-and-rbf-kernel-how-to-make-better-models-in-python-73bb4914af5b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A complete explanation of the inner workings of Support Vector Machines
(SVM) and Radial Basis Function (RBF) kernel

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create PDF Reports with Python — The Essential
Guide](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-pdf-reports-with-python-the-essential-guide-c08dd3ebf2ee?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*5JasAjEbqxO13hMH.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-pdf-reports-with-python-the-essential-guide-c08dd3ebf2ee?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create PDF reports with beautiful visualizations in 10 minutes or less.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Parallelism: Essential Guide to Speeding up Your Python Code in
Minu](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-parallelism-essential-guide-to-speeding-up-your-python-code-in-minutes-5ec71cbd88e1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*5EFw7UWzxMURhq6o.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-parallelism-essential-guide-to-speeding-up-your-python-code-in-minutes-5ec71cbd88e1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Essential guide to multiprocessing with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New Features of Scikit-Learn. An Overview of the Most Important… \| by
Ankit](https://towardsdatascience.com/new-features-of-scikit-learn-fbbfe7652bfb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*TZpAO2AoHDYSqcsh)](https://towardsdatascience.com/new-features-of-scikit-learn-fbbfe7652bfb)

</div>

An Overview of the Most Important Features in Version 0.24

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Cool Python Tricks You Should Know \| by Soner Yıldırım \| Jan, 2021
\|
Towa](https://towardsdatascience.com/6-cool-python-tricks-you-should-know-bab1b6a42446)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*5AQRKj7y5o9oUTAyA07piw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/6-cool-python-tricks-you-should-know-bab1b6a42446)

</div>

Go beyond the usual

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Image Processing with Python — Blurring and Sharpening for
Beginners](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-blurring-and-sharpening-for-beginners-3bcebec0583a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:742/1*iAHqjZMd-EnEe4MCU7qzYg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/image-processing-with-python-blurring-and-sharpening-for-beginners-3bcebec0583a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How do you apply convolution kernels to colored images?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pylift: A Fast Python Package for Uplift Modeling –
Wayfair](https://tech.wayfair.com/data-science/2018/10/pylift-a-fast-python-package-for-uplift-modeling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.aboutwayfair.com/dims4/default/72a4236/2147483647/strip/true/crop/890x467+0+84/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.aboutwayfair.com%2F26%2F56%2F6a48e6a44998b90781ff0d395840%2Fc751a432-pylift-feature-image.png)](https://tech.wayfair.com/data-science/2018/10/pylift-a-fast-python-package-for-uplift-modeling)

</div>

Uplift models seek to predict the incremental value attained in response
to a treatment. For example, if we want to know the value of showing an
advertisement to someone, typical response models will only tell us that
a person is likely to purchase after being given an advertisement,
though they may have been likely to purchase already. Uplift models will
predict how much more likely they are to purchase after being shown the
ad. The most scalable uplift modeling packages to date are theoretically
rigorous, but, in practice, they can be prohibitively slow. We have
written a Python package, pylift, that implements a transformative
method wrapped around scikit-learn to allow for (1) quick implementation
of uplift, (2) rigorous uplift evaluation, and (3) an extensible
python-based framework for future uplift method implementations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Image Processing with Python — Dilation and Erosion for
Beg](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-image-processing-with-python-dilation-and-erosion-for-beginners-d3a0f29ad72b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:624/1*IppjJwzmnww7XbuspOrfRA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-image-processing-with-python-dilation-and-erosion-for-beginners-d3a0f29ad72b?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A deeper look into the fundamentals of image dilation and erosion with
the use of kernels.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Annotated Heatmaps of a Correlation Matrix in 5 Simple Steps \| by
Julia
Kho](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:666/1*EuqHC0-iQpNW6yNMJdpbnA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

A heatmap is a graphical representation of data in which data values are
represented as colors. That is, it uses color in order to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[KMP Algorithm (String Matching)
Demystified](https://medium.com/@giri_sh/string-matching-kmp-algorithm-27c182efa387)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*mm_SHC4FRQltxI-Aw7vBBQ.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@giri_sh/string-matching-kmp-algorithm-27c182efa387)

</div>

The string matching problem also known as “the needle in a haystack” is
one of the classics. This simple problem has a lot of application…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BFGS in a Nutshell: An Introduction to Quasi-Newton
Methods](https://towardsdatascience.com/bfgs-in-a-nutshell-an-introduction-to-quasi-newton-methods-21b0e13ee504?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*QdcaMRVvRVkjDMGAhZW4Ug.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/bfgs-in-a-nutshell-an-introduction-to-quasi-newton-methods-21b0e13ee504?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Demystifying the inner workings of BFGS optimization

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 Python libraries of 2020 you should know about \| Tryolabs
Blog](https://tryolabs.com/blog/2020/12/21/top-10-python-libraries-of-2020)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tryolabs.com/assets/blog/2020-12-21-top-10-python-libraries-of-2020/2020-12-21-top-10-python-libraries-of-2020-1587d439c9.png)](https://tryolabs.com/blog/2020/12/21/top-10-python-libraries-of-2020)

</div>

There are so many amazing Python libraries out there that it's hard to
keep track of all of them. That's why we share with you our hand-picked
selection of some top libraries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[shutil — High-level file
operations](https://docs.python.org/3/library/shutil.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.python.org/3/_static/og-image.png)](https://docs.python.org/3/library/shutil.html)

</div>

Source code: Lib/shutil.py The shutil module offers a number of
high-level operations on files and collections of files. In particular,
functions are provided which support file copying and removal...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quickstart: Create a Python app - Azure App Service \| Microsoft
Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/quickstart-python?pivots=python-framework-flask&tabs=bash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/media/open-graph-image.png)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/quickstart-python?pivots=python-framework-flask&tabs=bash)

</div>

Get started with Azure App Service by deploying your first Python app to
Azure App Service.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make an animated GIF map in Python using Folium and
Imageio](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-an-animated-gif-map-in-python-using-folium-and-imageio-91d3fc60d084?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*hNN2WLmk17ZirapU)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-an-animated-gif-map-in-python-using-folium-and-imageio-91d3fc60d084?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A visual analysis of Brazilian Higher Education history

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Improve Warehouse Productivity using Order Batching with
Python](https://medium.com/@s.saci95/optimizing-warehouse-operations-with-python-part-1-83d02d001845)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/1*tn8vSBXDfTZ_bypVrRrJCA.png)](https://medium.com/@s.saci95/optimizing-warehouse-operations-with-python-part-1-83d02d001845)

</div>

Design a simulation model to estimate the impact of several Single
Picker Routing Problem strategies in your Picking Productivity

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forecasting the Copper Producer Price Index with
Prophet](https://towardsdatascience.com/forecasting-the-copper-producer-price-index-with-prophet-d570e3baac78?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*7PCJGkVsRBftByFgwep43A.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/forecasting-the-copper-producer-price-index-with-prophet-d570e3baac78?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using Prophet to forecast commodity prices

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Matching of Bipartite Graphs using
NetworkX](https://towardsdatascience.com/matching-of-bipartite-graphs-using-networkx-6d355b164567?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uxiSBdVZlhmMe6OcKbVPzw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/matching-of-bipartite-graphs-using-networkx-6d355b164567?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A simple introduction to matching in bipartite graphs with Python code
examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing and Animating Optimization Algorithms with Matplotlib -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/visualizing-and-animating-optimization-algorithms-with-matplotlib?fbclid=IwAR1mrGOksYXy-YUWEU3GI72WUHCV-tSeTRotb-7oJZnBHwy2069VkOM_9vs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/3364927370.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/visualizing-and-animating-optimization-algorithms-with-matplotlib?fbclid=IwAR1mrGOksYXy-YUWEU3GI72WUHCV-tSeTRotb-7oJZnBHwy2069VkOM_9vs)

</div>

This article was written by Louis Tiao.   In this series of notebooks,
we demonstrate some useful patterns and recipes for visualizing
animating optimization algorithms using Matplotlib.     We shall
restrict our attention to 3-dimensional problems for right now (i.e.
optimizing over only 2 parameters), though what follows can be extended
to higher dimensions… Read More »Visualizing and Animating Optimization
Algorithms with Matplotlib

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Install Flask on Ubuntu
20.04](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-flask-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-flask-on-ubuntu-20-04/featured.jpg)](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-flask-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

In this article we'll discuss how to install Flask on Ubuntu 20.04
inside a Python virtual environment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands-on guide to Python Optimal Transport toolbox: Part
2](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-python-optimal-transport-toolbox-part-2-783029a1f062?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*DsDDxjH-J4v_Q8tTM1BXtw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-python-optimal-transport-toolbox-part-2-783029a1f062?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Color transfer, Image editing and Automatic Translation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Step by Step Guide to Interactive Choropleth Map in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-step-by-step-guide-to-interactive-choropleth-map-in-python-681f6bd853ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1068/1*3cqzLhxdUYUTWuaLJACQVQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-step-by-step-guide-to-interactive-choropleth-map-in-python-681f6bd853ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn to Develop Choropleth Map Easily Using Python’s Folium Library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Visualization Using Pandas
Bokeh](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-visualization-using-pandas-bokeh-109240770fd3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:788/1*wlPhSqHlhdQfTVowT0-RKA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-visualization-using-pandas-bokeh-109240770fd3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create stunning visualizations for Pandas DataFrames

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Favorites](https://towardsdatascience.com/pywedge-a-complete-package-for-eda-data-preprocessing-and-modelling-32171702a1e0?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:797/1*vU3unz5ywDa8Yw-H9BJh3Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pywedge-a-complete-package-for-eda-data-preprocessing-and-modelling-32171702a1e0?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Pywedge helps in visualizing the data, preprocessing, and creating
baseline models

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[20 NumPy Operations That Every Data Scientist Should
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-numpy-operations-that-every-data-scientist-should-know-fb44bb52bde5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*-nY38NpN537Gyw0rXku49A.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-numpy-operations-that-every-data-scientist-should-know-fb44bb52bde5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

NumPy forms the basis of many Python libraries in the data science
domain.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to PyMC3: A Python package for probabilistic
programming](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-pymc3-a-python-package-for-probabilistic-programming-5299278b428?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:741/0*LczYO1ovGPOrIR4S.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/introduction-to-pymc3-a-python-package-for-probabilistic-programming-5299278b428?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An introduction to PyMC3 through a concrete example

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optimization in Python —
Peephole](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-in-python-peephole-e9dc84cc184d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*t1I2WFIfrnE4dJ69)](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-in-python-peephole-e9dc84cc184d)

</div>

A brief introduction to Python’s Peephole optimization technique

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: A list of 470 static analysis
tools](https://analysis-tools.dev)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://analysis-tools.dev/assets/images/social.png)](https://analysis-tools.dev)

</div>

Find static code analysis tools and linters for Java, JavaScript, PHP,
Python, Ruby, C/C++, C#, Go, Swift, and more. All tools and linters are
peer-reviewed by fellow developers to select the best tools available.
Avoid bugs in production, outages on weekends, and angry customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optimization in Python —
Interning](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-in-python-interning-805be5e9fd3e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*TVH3cYeJ4s6F-4F3)](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-in-python-interning-805be5e9fd3e)

</div>

Understand Python’s optimization technique — Interning.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Advanced Python
Features](https://towardsdatascience.com/five-advanced-python-features-169c96682350?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*vX_OeVbO9Xn0WDjA)](https://towardsdatascience.com/five-advanced-python-features-169c96682350?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Curly brace scopes, autovivification, and other methods for writing
better code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Part 8: AB-Joins with
STUMPY](https://towardsdatascience.com/part-8-ab-joins-with-stumpy-af985e12e391?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*7drxgrrnHhgfyouILvkrOQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/part-8-ab-joins-with-stumpy-af985e12e391?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Finding Conserved Patterns Across Two Time Series

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Minute Guide to Decorators in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-minute-guide-to-decorators-in-python-b5ca0f2c7ce7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*gJxIPv7DGGEOQDRG)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-minute-guide-to-decorators-in-python-b5ca0f2c7ce7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Let’s master the more advanced topics in no-time

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Speech Recognition with Python. Learn which of the 9 most prominent… \|
by
S](https://towardsdatascience.com/automatic-speech-recognition-in-python-programs-a64851ad29b3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:1200:632/g:fp:0.52:0.51/1*X90jc9fD9AbgcTfG3IBT2g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/automatic-speech-recognition-in-python-programs-a64851ad29b3)

</div>

Learn which of the 9 most prominent automatic speech recognition engines
is best for your needs, and how to use it in Python programs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Rarely-Used Yet Very Useful Pandas
Tricks](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-rarely-used-yet-very-useful-pandas-tricks-b43ef4b726fb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*nkfjFAv8N_ObLWVceeCkpA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-rarely-used-yet-very-useful-pandas-tricks-b43ef4b726fb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Explained with examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complete Introduction to PySpark-Part 4 \| by Himanshu Sharma \| Nov,
2020
\|](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-introduction-to-pyspark-part-4-62a99ce3552a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*5ExcEFCFFL6LqP10)](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-introduction-to-pyspark-part-4-62a99ce3552a)

</div>

Performing Data Visualization using PySpark

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How-To: using Python Virtual Environments -
Debuntu](https://www.debuntu.org/how-to-using-python-virtual-environments)

</div>

A nice thing about Python is that there is tons of modules available out
there. Not all those modules are readily available for your distro and
even if there were, chances are that a newer release with new features
is already out there.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Achieving asynchronous behavior using asyncio in
Python](https://dev.to/singh1114/achieving-asynchronous-behavior-using-asyncio-in-python-2acc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fi.ibb.co%2FSPSdFf8%2FMain-Images-2-2.png)](https://dev.to/singh1114/achieving-asynchronous-behavior-using-asyncio-in-python-2acc)

</div>

Asyncio helps you to write asynchronous functions using python making
your application a lot faster with better user experience with its easy
to use syntax.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[System status : Stanford
Libraries](https://stacks.stanford.edu/file/druid:yt916dh6570/Dade_Toonify.pdf)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Geometric Algebra for Python](https://github.com/pygae/clifford)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3bd4ad8cf032cc54ffbb713be5ee7594d95f767b7f4f181ec45be87d6246db39/pygae/clifford)](https://github.com/pygae/clifford)

</div>

Geometric Algebra for Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Numba: JIT Compilation, But For
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/numba-jit-compilation-but-for-python-373fc2f848d6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*jkav9qrxhUN1XxMJ0lUo-g.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/numba-jit-compilation-but-for-python-373fc2f848d6)

</div>

A quick look at a fantastic tool for making Python better in 2020.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Python Higher Order
Functions](https://dev.to/brandonbrown4792/using-python-list-comprehension-j3j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2F8ioj2tcyzw511a58iwjy.jpeg)](https://dev.to/brandonbrown4792/using-python-list-comprehension-j3j)

</div>

In a previous post, I created a guide for JavaScript higher-order
functions to make dealing with arra...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is Perspective Warping ? \| OpenCV and
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-perspective-warping-opencv-and-python-750e7a13d386?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1050/1*VBC37s6C0e4XFgy4tvvv_w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/what-is-perspective-warping-opencv-and-python-750e7a13d386?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A step-by-step guide to apply perspective transformation on images

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[fastcore: An Underrated Python Library](https://t.co/mDrkWoyO03?amp=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fastpages.fast.ai/images/copied_from_nb/fastcore_imgs/td.png)](https://t.co/mDrkWoyO03?amp=1)

</div>

A unique python library that extends the python programming language and
provides utilities that enhance productivity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Pro Tip: Start using Python defaultdict and Counter in place of
dictionary](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-pro-tip-start-using-python-defaultdict-and-counter-in-place-of-dictionary-d1922513f747)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*yd_caXBbrX84ZL-B)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-pro-tip-start-using-python-defaultdict-and-counter-in-place-of-dictionary-d1922513f747)

</div>

How you could use defaultdict and Counter to make your code short and
readable

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python behind the scenes \#2: how the CPython compiler
works](https://tenthousandmeters.com/blog/python-behind-the-scenes-2-how-the-cpython-compiler-works)

</div>

In the first post of the series we've looked at the CPython VM. We've
learned that it works by executing a series of instructions called
bytecode....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making Python Programs Blazingly
Fast](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/09/making-python-programs-blazingly-fast.html)

</div>

Let’s look at the performance of our Python programs and see how to make
them up to 30% faster!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ReactJS Python Flask on
Heroku](https://towardsdatascience.com/reactjs-python-flask-on-heroku-2a308272886a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*6ptNtrrfjTYPFeWx)](https://towardsdatascience.com/reactjs-python-flask-on-heroku-2a308272886a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Making a Framework for API Development and Deployment

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Vectorizing code
matters](https://towardsdatascience.com/vectorizing-code-matters-66c5f95ddfd5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:992/1*KWJKsBFR3z8f39AbQK5whQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/vectorizing-code-matters-66c5f95ddfd5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I come from the world of MATLAB and numerical computing, where for loops
are shorn and vectors are king. During my PhD at UVM, Professor…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pytest for Data
Scientists](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-for-data-scientists-2990319e55e6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NdxIFtI2AeW3WkTaFePRjA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pytest-for-data-scientists-2990319e55e6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Comprehensive Guide to Pytest for your Data Science Projects

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Latent Dirichlet Allocation: Intuition, math, implementation and
visualisat](https://towardsdatascience.com/latent-dirichlet-allocation-intuition-math-implementation-and-visualisation-63ccb616e094?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Xs1Xe1Hh4P6IGyWN8fImXw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/latent-dirichlet-allocation-intuition-math-implementation-and-visualisation-63ccb616e094?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A tour of one of the most popular topic modelling techniques and a guide
to implementing and visualising it using pyLDAvis

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Six Python Tips for Geospatial Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/six-python-tips-for-geospatial-data-science-4438a531b0bf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*bjhHCE8UeAyVnSLn)](https://towardsdatascience.com/six-python-tips-for-geospatial-data-science-4438a531b0bf?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to easily and effectively incorporate spatial features in Python
using Geopandas

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Manage Files and Database Connections in Python Like a
Pro](https://towardsdatascience.com/manage-files-and-database-connections-in-python-like-a-pro-73e8fc0b7967?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*0KNM9oxkJRayijMeYyqawg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/manage-files-and-database-connections-in-python-like-a-pro-73e8fc0b7967?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to manage external resources in Python with your custom context
managers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pandas on the Cloud with
Dask](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-on-the-cloud-with-dask-9451199b0226?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ZudEZUM97toUkEs7)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-on-the-cloud-with-dask-9451199b0226?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Scaling your Pythonic data science and machine learning to the cloud
using Dask. All from the comfort of your own laptop.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Choropleth Maps — 101 using
Plotly](https://towardsdatascience.com/choropleth-maps-101-using-plotly-5daf85e7275d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:990/1*sTOnccx-vLXkUMsXU9qG-A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/choropleth-maps-101-using-plotly-5daf85e7275d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I have been working as a Data Analyst for almost 5 years now but, in
this time I have mostly used business intelligence software for all…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elegant Geographic plots in Python and R using GeoPandas and Leaflet \|
by
K](https://towardsdatascience.com/elegant-geographic-plots-in-python-and-r-using-geopandas-and-leaflet-27126b60bace)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*mtuylI6mNfymXk4M)](https://towardsdatascience.com/elegant-geographic-plots-in-python-and-r-using-geopandas-and-leaflet-27126b60bace)

</div>

How to use GeoPandas and Leaflet?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python 3.9 New Features & How to Use
Them](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-3-9-new-features-how-to-use-them-be73100ec91a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*DTWPztKbOw_yI7u_)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-3-9-new-features-how-to-use-them-be73100ec91a)

</div>

Python 3.9 New Feature Guide

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Add External Data to Your Pandas Dataframe with a
One-Liner](https://towardsdatascience.com/add-external-data-to-your-pandas-dataframe-with-a-one-liner-f060f80daaa4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PySDR: A Guide to SDR and DSP Using
Python](https://pysdr.org/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[DASK: A Guide to Process Large Datasets using
Parallelization](https://towardsdatascience.com/dask-a-guide-to-process-large-datasets-using-parallelization-c5554889abdb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*dhuwE1Emvy-N66NPjgiCCg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/dask-a-guide-to-process-large-datasets-using-parallelization-c5554889abdb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A simple solution for data analytics for big data parallelizing
computation in Numpy, Pandas, and Scikit-Learn Frameworks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NumPy Array Processing With Cython: 1250x
Faster](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-array-processing-with-cython-1250x-faster-a80f8b3caa52?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NloLW7p8EId-ZMpqYfqYSQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-array-processing-with-cython-1250x-faster-a80f8b3caa52?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

This article was originally published on the Paperspace blog. You can
run the code for my tutorials for free on Gradient.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implementation plan for speeding up
CPython](https://github.com/markshannon/faster-cpython/blob/master/plan.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/7892d84d22722d874ec5bf2b911af01fbc21b6d17cce0e170e0d8afff7feabb0/markshannon/faster-cpython)](https://github.com/markshannon/faster-cpython/blob/master/plan.md)

</div>

How to make CPython faster.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python For Feature Film](https://www.gfx.dev/python-for-feature-film)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.gfx.dev/static/1515b16c8dccbb68b9122394c1af1b06/6050d/hero.png)](https://www.gfx.dev/python-for-feature-film)

</div>

A look into how Python is used to bring your favorite movies to the big
screen.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to extract tables from PDF files with
Camelot](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-extract-tables-from-pdf-files-with-camelot-12ca6afd28dd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*3ZnLYjnUQFD0KgxV)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-extract-tables-from-pdf-files-with-camelot-12ca6afd28dd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A quick guide for extracting the tables from PDF files in Python using
Camelot library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to integrate Excel with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/invigorate-excel-with-python-58c9c3208093?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*1jZfYqzfXNpElFVk)](https://towardsdatascience.com/invigorate-excel-with-python-58c9c3208093?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Top 3 Excel-Python integration methods and what you can do with them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[20 Pandas Functions That Will Boost Your Data Analysis
Process](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-pandas-functions-that-will-boost-your-data-analysis-process-f5dfdb2f9e05?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*iRZ5TCE12NhArRWQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/20-pandas-functions-that-will-boost-your-data-analysis-process-f5dfdb2f9e05?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Explained with examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Get Started With PyTorch With These 5 Basic
Functions.](https://towardsdatascience.com/get-started-with-pytorch-with-these-5-basic-functions-33ae428bab97?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*1eIJwJrtE6yL-2p7)](https://towardsdatascience.com/get-started-with-pytorch-with-these-5-basic-functions-33ae428bab97?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

As the ever-growing demand for deep learning continues to rise, more
developers and data scientists are joining the deep-learning…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New features in
scikit-learn](https://towardsdatascience.com/new-features-in-scikit-learn-f0ceb7e9d2ad?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*KtqlCde2b8X6Tm4x)](https://towardsdatascience.com/new-features-in-scikit-learn-f0ceb7e9d2ad?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Overview of the latest developments in version 0.23

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Advanced Python Features You Should
Know](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/07/3-advanced-python-features.html)

</div>

As a Data Scientist, you are already spending most of your time getting
your data ready for prime time. Follow these real-world scenarios to
learn how to leverage the advanced techniques in Python of list
comprehension, Lambda expressions, and the Map function to get the job
done faster.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Obscure Python Libraries Every Data Scientist Should
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-obscure-python-libraries-every-data-scientist-should-know-3651bf5d3be3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:960/0*0InvzUIXb_jwdl3I.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-obscure-python-libraries-every-data-scientist-should-know-3651bf5d3be3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Enhance your data science project

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Brownian motion with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/brownian-motion-with-python-9083ebc46ff0?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*5d4RmOgxGRXE3Cq3RtV_Eg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/brownian-motion-with-python-9083ebc46ff0?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

We show how to emulate Brownian motion, the most famous stochastic
process used in a wide range of applications, using simple Python code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 6 Python Libraries for Visualization: Which one to
Use?](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-6-python-libraries-for-visualization-which-one-to-use-fe43381cd658?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*CUq-RVgGP3Ur6m-Q)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-6-python-libraries-for-visualization-which-one-to-use-fe43381cd658?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Confused about which Visualization Tool to Use? I Broke Down the Pros
and Cons of Each Libary for You

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Lesser-Known Seaborn Plots Most People Don’t
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-seaborn-plots-most-people-dont-know-82e5a54baea8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*HOv3qXGE-oOvdr-zXwDdgA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-seaborn-plots-most-people-dont-know-82e5a54baea8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

But really should know

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Advanced Python Dictionary
Techniques](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-advanced-python-dictionary-techniques-you-should-know-416194d82d2c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*UvnH6rdWA9NffzY3)](https://towardsdatascience.com/7-advanced-python-dictionary-techniques-you-should-know-416194d82d2c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Master the Python Dictionary with these tips

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SymPy - a Python library for symbolic
mathematics](https://www.sympy.org/en/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Key Differences Between Merge and Concat Functions of
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-key-differences-between-merge-and-concat-functions-of-pandas-ab2bab224b59?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*qbK7OlZRsUKv5f5IHXLqBw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-key-differences-between-merge-and-concat-functions-of-pandas-ab2bab224b59?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

When and how to use which.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ultimate PySpark Cheat
Sheet](https://towardsdatascience.com/ultimate-pyspark-cheat-sheet-7d3938d13421?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uN3G3dR-_2Brm4OzxfF8Uw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/ultimate-pyspark-cheat-sheet-7d3938d13421?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A short guide to the PySpark DataFrames API

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Techniques to Speed Up Python
Runtime](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-techniques-to-speed-up-python-runtime-95e213e925dc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_PffPsm3w5aNzttd6Unf_g.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-techniques-to-speed-up-python-runtime-95e213e925dc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Compare good writing style and bad writing style with the code runtime

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Enumerated Types in
Python](https://johnlekberg.com/blog/2020-06-06-enum.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understand zip() — A Hidden Gem in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/understand-zip-a-hidden-gem-in-python-9488a255f45d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*p6D1fWfkZ1QgHuCc)](https://towardsdatascience.com/understand-zip-a-hidden-gem-in-python-9488a255f45d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Effectively merge an unknown number of lists

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Polymorphism in Python: Fundamentals For Data
Scientists](https://towardsdatascience.com/polymorphism-in-python-fundamentals-for-data-scientists-9dc19071da55?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*2qXlSstOrYN5jPiy)](https://towardsdatascience.com/polymorphism-in-python-fundamentals-for-data-scientists-9dc19071da55?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Understand the basics with a concrete example!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Martin Heinz - Personal Website &
Blog](https://martinheinz.dev/blog/24)

</div>

Even if you write clear and readable code, even if you cover your code
with tests, even if you are very experienced developer, weird bugs will
inevitab...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Aggregation, Transform, Filter — How and When to use
them?](https://towardsdatascience.com/aggregation-transform-filter-how-and-when-to-use-them-31ed7eb88d2e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*J_z3Jkn7KL30Dj8VqrrrqQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/aggregation-transform-filter-how-and-when-to-use-them-31ed7eb88d2e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Pandas: From Journeyman to Master — Voice from the victim.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Fabulous Python Packages For Data-Science Nobody Knows
About](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-fabulous-python-packages-for-data-science-nobody-knows-about-9fa192f312e4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*yq3cG5r1aQxk7wUcD27ZYg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-fabulous-python-packages-for-data-science-nobody-knows-about-9fa192f312e4)

</div>

Do you know about these packages?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Financial Independence — Simulating ODEs With
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/financial-independence-simulating-odes-with-python-c9b5468dbe74?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2hgAno-VRzcqTWgOT6nHkg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/financial-independence-simulating-odes-with-python-c9b5468dbe74?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Use Python to set your path towards it.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Automated Data Import with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/automated-data-import-with-python-832e8f912845?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*-ptMVo9mZOUAnKpFyoLv3w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/automated-data-import-with-python-832e8f912845?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A different approach to import data files automatically in python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating High Resolution Satellite Images with Mapbox and
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-high-resolution-satellite-images-with-mapbox-and-python-750b3ac83dd7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*BzaxmZjEVpTFtKJeex_ayg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-high-resolution-satellite-images-with-mapbox-and-python-750b3ac83dd7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Ultra high resolution satellite and elevation imagery

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Eigenfaces — Face Classification in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/eigenfaces-face-classification-in-python-7b8d2af3d3ea?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*4EO6SXl3HJoY2FRm)](https://towardsdatascience.com/eigenfaces-face-classification-in-python-7b8d2af3d3ea?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Not enough data for Deep Learning? Try Eigenfaces.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Python Standard Library — modules you should know as a data
scientist](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-python-standard-library-modules-you-should-know-as-a-data-scientist-47e1117ca6c8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*43ckfURAU9NYm7Da)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-python-standard-library-modules-you-should-know-as-a-data-scientist-47e1117ca6c8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

with usage examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Short technical information about Word2Vec, GloVe and
Fasttext](https://towardsdatascience.com/short-technical-information-about-word2vec-glove-and-fasttext-d38e4f529ca8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:754/1*rdmUrn-Qvmfpdx0nCCMNiQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/short-technical-information-about-word2vec-glove-and-fasttext-d38e4f529ca8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Introduction

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Iris Classifier Flask
App](https://towardsdatascience.com/iris-classifier-flask-app-3b4fb1de29b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2b9TA6i27eGjeDQE9qUaEg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/iris-classifier-flask-app-3b4fb1de29b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Hey guys this my first blog on Medium. This is an Iris classification ML
model turned into a flask app for hosting on Heroku.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lambda, Map, Filter and Sorted — Efficient Programming With
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/lambda-map-filter-and-sorted-efficient-programming-with-python-15d45bc1912a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating typography using word cloud in
python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-typography-using-word-cloud-in-python-9652bd62fa69?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:1200:632/g:fp:0.48:0.63/1*g_qnEKdR8oL4znQAomZ-Bg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-typography-using-word-cloud-in-python-9652bd62fa69?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Picture is worth a thousand words. Literally! there are 2200+ words in
this picture. 😱

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pandas with Dask, For an Ultra-Fast
Notebook](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-with-dask-for-an-ultra-fast-notebook-e2621c3769f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*iKZzj7wohpQUXqVAYQBV6w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-with-dask-for-an-ultra-fast-notebook-e2621c3769f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Use Pandas with Dask to save time and resources. This combination will
make your notebook ultra fast

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Venvs & Pyenvs & Pipenvs, OH
MY!](https://towardsdatascience.com/venvs-pyenvs-pipenvs-oh-my-2411149e2f43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*x9zpAcY0Qhx9FY-R)](https://towardsdatascience.com/venvs-pyenvs-pipenvs-oh-my-2411149e2f43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A deep dive beginner’s guide into different python virtual environments,
the benefits of each, and how to get started using them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Cool Python Libraries for Data Science -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/five-cool-python-libraries-data-science.html)

</div>

Check out these 5 cool Python libraries that the author has come across
during an NLP project, and which have made their life easier.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dot Product in Linear Algebra for Data Science using
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/dot-product-in-linear-algebra-for-data-science-using-python-f113fb60c8f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:835/1*mEmVBrqcHd1MQux6SnptGQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/dot-product-in-linear-algebra-for-data-science-using-python-f113fb60c8f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Building up the intuition for how matrices help to solve a system of
linear equations and thus regressions problems

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn Python: Sets](https://dev.to/rishiabee/learn-python-sets-5b3m)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fimages.pexels.com%2Fphotos%2F4050296%2Fpexels-photo-4050296.jpeg%3Fauto%3Dcompress%26cs%3Dtinysrgb%26dpr%3D2%26h%3D650%26w%3D940)](https://dev.to/rishiabee/learn-python-sets-5b3m)

</div>

Introduction to sets in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Recursive Feature Elimination (RFE) for Feature Selection in
Python](https://machinelearningmastery.com/rfe-feature-selection-in-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Box-Plot-of-RFE-Number-of-Selected-Features-vs-Classification-Accuracy.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/rfe-feature-selection-in-python)

</div>

Recursive Feature Elimination, or RFE for short, is a popular feature
selection algorithm. RFE is popular because it is easy to configure and
use and because it is effective at selecting those features (columns) in
a training dataset that are more or most relevant in predicting the
target variable. There are two important configuration options when
using RFE: the choice…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Simplified approach using PyCaret for Anomaly
Detection](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-simplified-approach-using-pycaret-for-anomaly-detection-7d33aca3f066?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SEt-YxTpvWqymh989hpKUA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-simplified-approach-using-pycaret-for-anomaly-detection-7d33aca3f066?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Explaining outlier detection with PyCaret library in python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 things you should know about Sets in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-things-you-should-know-about-sets-in-python-9902828c0e80?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:677/1*jtFGLzJjqQphtTZcg_u-EQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-things-you-should-know-about-sets-in-python-9902828c0e80?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Guidelines to use sets in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[All About Python List
Comprehension](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-about-python-list-comprehension-14dd979ec0d1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uUTj1ax1NVkbvRGUxW-LrA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-about-python-list-comprehension-14dd979ec0d1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Elegant, comfortable, concise, and fast way to build lists

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Guide to Concurrency in Python with
Asyncio](https://www.integralist.co.uk/posts/python-asyncio)

</div>

This is a quick guide to Python’s asyncio module and is based on Python
version 3.8. Introduction Why focus on asyncio? A quick asyncio summary
A quick concurrent.futures summary Green Threads? Event Loop Awaitables
Coroutines Tasks Futures Running an asyncio program Running Async Code
in the REPL Use another Event Loop Concurrent Functions Deprecated
Functions Examples gather wait wait_for as_completed create_task
Callbacks Pools Executors asyncio.Future vs concurrent.futures.Future
asyncio.wrap_future Introduction So let’s start by addressing the
elephant in the room: there are many modules provided by the Python
standard library for handling asynchronous/concurrent/multiprocess code…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://towardsdatascience.com/the-end-of-flask-in-data-science-738920090ed9>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Highly Practical Operations of
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-highly-practical-operations-of-pandas-61d86ca09979?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*OTGT-Si8SJVs_IL-.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-highly-practical-operations-of-pandas-61d86ca09979?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Sample, where, isin explained in detail with examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hypermodern Python · Claudio
Jolowicz](https://cjolowicz.github.io/posts/hypermodern-python-01-setup)

</div>

A guide to modern Python tooling with a focus on simplicity and
minimalism.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Everything You Need to Know About “loc” and “iloc” of
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/everything-you-need-to-know-about-loc-and-iloc-of-pandas-79b386cac776?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*n_Kzu6Abafh3_z478VtuOQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/everything-you-need-to-know-about-loc-and-iloc-of-pandas-79b386cac776?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Clearly distinguish loc and iloc

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Optimization with constraints using Lagrange Multiplier in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-with-constraints-using-lagrange-multiplier-in-python-82769c9a43fe?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:365/1*s8Ju46fyUEXsNdZ1AojB1g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/optimization-with-constraints-using-lagrange-multiplier-in-python-82769c9a43fe?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Lagrange Multiplier on a function with 2 variables with 1 equality
constraint

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python SQLite Tutorial — The Ultimate
Guide](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-sqlite-tutorial-the-ultimate-guide-fdcb8d7a4f30?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*xoLXyDVdjAk-oMOV1eDsbw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-sqlite-tutorial-the-ultimate-guide-fdcb8d7a4f30?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Everything You Need to Get Started!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Interesting Python Tricks to knock your socks
off](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-interesting-python-tricks-to-knock-your-socks-off-1dd4d8e82101?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*-W8u5bHnMHvu04s4)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-interesting-python-tricks-to-knock-your-socks-off-1dd4d8e82101?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Important list of 10 python snippets to make your code efficient

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stop Hurting Your
Pandas!](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/stop-hurting-pandas.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/sad-panda.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/stop-hurting-pandas.html)

</div>

This post will address the issues that can arise when Pandas slicing is
used improperly. If you see the warning that reads "A value is trying to
be set on a copy of a slice from a DataFrame", this post is for you.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My Top 5 Pandas Data Manipulation
Function](https://towardsdatascience.com/my-top-5-pandas-data-manipulation-function-680e346809c7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*jsgh5noRcRaSmR0Y)](https://towardsdatascience.com/my-top-5-pandas-data-manipulation-function-680e346809c7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Know your Pandas library function arsenal as a data scientist

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NumPy Array
Manipulation](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-array-manipulation-5d2b42354688?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bIHdkz2YhYEGQBCPn2dUPQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-array-manipulation-5d2b42354688?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A practical guide to modify the shape of arrays

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mlmachine - Clean ML Experiments, Elegant EDA & Pandas
Pipelines](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlmachine-clean-ml-experiments-elegant-eda-pandas-pipelines-daba951dde0a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*CqjQ6XHJkzch4HuCtTv9LQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/mlmachine-clean-ml-experiments-elegant-eda-pandas-pipelines-daba951dde0a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

This new Python package accelerates notebook-based machine learning
experimentation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Q-Learning in Numpy to teach an agent to play a
game](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-q-learning-in-numpy-to-teach-an-agent-to-play-a-game-4fee32eb922a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*pvADcGrbHeiFJIHeTBDlUg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-q-learning-in-numpy-to-teach-an-agent-to-play-a-game-4fee32eb922a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using q-learning for sequential decision making and therefore learning
to play a simple game.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Basic Curve Fitting of Scientific Data with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-curve-fitting-of-scientific-data-with-python-9592244a2509?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bnc6XQfNbXR6QIX3tNVK8g.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/basic-curve-fitting-of-scientific-data-with-python-9592244a2509?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A basic guide to using Python to fit non-linear functions to
experimental data points

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why and How to Use Dask with Big
Data](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/dask-big-data.html)

</div>

The Pandas library for Python is a game-changer for data preparation.
But, when the data gets big, really big, then your computer needs more
help to efficiency handle all that data. Learn more about how to use
Dask and follow a demo to scale up your Pandas to work with…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Modeling in Seconds: Using PyCaret as a Tool for Data Science Fast
Decision](https://towardsdatascience.com/modeling-in-seconds-using-pycaret-as-a-tool-for-data-science-fast-decision-making-17c2c5642e17?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*BWdJQGj2xJ6PuRlnx4bNsg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/modeling-in-seconds-using-pycaret-as-a-tool-for-data-science-fast-decision-making-17c2c5642e17?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I came across Pycaret while I was browsing on a slack for data
scientists. It's a versatile library in which you can
apply/evaluate/tune…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hyperspectral Image Analysis — Getting
Started](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperspectral-image-analysis-getting-started-74758c12f2e9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*BlIW2ZAhotX_jLVG)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperspectral-image-analysis-getting-started-74758c12f2e9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Walkthrough on Hyperspectral Image Analysis Using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SICP in
Python](https://wizardforcel.gitbooks.io/sicp-in-python/content)

</div>

Berkeley CS61A Textbook

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Solving a Quadratic Problem (QP) in an open source linear
solver](https://towardsdatascience.com/solving-a-quadratic-problem-qp-in-an-open-source-linear-solver-56ed6bb468e8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ohLEVeAsGsaPSQpI)](https://towardsdatascience.com/solving-a-quadratic-problem-qp-in-an-open-source-linear-solver-56ed6bb468e8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to linearize a quadratic function to use it in a linear solver,
(a.k.a. I don’t have money to pay for Gurobi) using a retail example

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Examples of Using Apache Spark with PySpark Using
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/examples-of-using-apache-spark-with-pyspark-using-python-f36410457012?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:288/0*NYLdG4jsG2WrVKxq.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/examples-of-using-apache-spark-with-pyspark-using-python-f36410457012?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Apache Spark is one of the hottest new trends in the technology domain.
It is the framework with probably the highest potential to realize…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Comprehensive Guide to Pandas’ Advanced Features in 20
Minutes](https://link.medium.com/dfqGQiKe95)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*Bpom2atJm6Kc_SPc)](https://link.medium.com/dfqGQiKe95)

</div>

A code-along guide for Pandas’ advanced functionalities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Computational Category Theory in Python III: Monoids, Groups, and
Preorders](http://www.philipzucker.com/computational-category-theory-in-python-3-monoids-groups-and-preorders)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.philipzucker.com/assets/logo.png)](http://www.philipzucker.com/computational-category-theory-in-python-3-monoids-groups-and-preorders)

</div>

Parts 1 and 2 are found here and here

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Power Tip: Enumerated
Types](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-power-tip-enumerated-types-9a1e606250a4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*HURqaibDatTP2LAM)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-power-tip-enumerated-types-9a1e606250a4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The right way to represent a finite set of alternatives

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Open Source Spatial Analysis Tools for Python: A Quick
Guide](https://makepath.com/open-source-spatial-analysis-tools-a-quick-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://makepath.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Main-Frame-3.png)](https://makepath.com/open-source-spatial-analysis-tools-a-quick-guide)

</div>

The ultimate guide on open source GIS tools for spatial analysis. Find
the tools you need to support your next spatial data project!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Libraries for Natural Language Processing - Towards Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-libraries-for-natural-language-processing-be0e5a35dd64)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*PIpjPTlcrDyXLl2fDv34bA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-libraries-for-natural-language-processing-be0e5a35dd64)

</div>

An Overview Of popular python libraries for Natural Language Processing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Applications in Python - Towards Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/web-applications-in-python-a1a7edcb5b9e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*WcVSpd4HwRv5ee3z_wkeGQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/web-applications-in-python-a1a7edcb5b9e)

</div>

Getting Started with Django

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Master Python Command Line
Arguments](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-master-python-command-line-arguments-5d5ad4bcf985?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*g0zrxp7eR1s8nLEFBoWk_A.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-master-python-command-line-arguments-5d5ad4bcf985?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A simple guide to create your own Python script with command line
arguments

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Insane Secret Weapons for
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-3-secret-weapons-that-changed-my-python-editor-forever-c99f7b2e0084?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*CyG1GINbqcPm1ZKS)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-3-secret-weapons-that-changed-my-python-editor-forever-c99f7b2e0084?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I don’t know how I lived without them

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bar chart race with
Plotly](https://towardsdatascience.com/bar-chart-race-with-plotly-f36f3a5df4f1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:976/1*lvMMAZBvPwW38ap8xh8Xkw.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/bar-chart-race-with-plotly-f36f3a5df4f1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Most common baby names in Barcelona

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Python Visualization Libraries You MUST Know as A Data
Scientist](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-visualization-libraries-you-must-know-as-a-data-scientist-8d0cd25e1c73?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*78SqTXRXtDgc4rlrnmJzaA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-visualization-libraries-you-must-know-as-a-data-scientist-8d0cd25e1c73?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

In real life, data preprocessing is really a pain for most data
scientists. But with the help of data visualization libraries, it
actually…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Memoization in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/memoization-in-python-57c0a738179a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*FVoZ2l7PdWq8oy1ABCIhpA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/memoization-in-python-57c0a738179a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Introduction to Memoization

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Complete Beginners Guide to Matrix Multiplication for Data Science
with
P](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-complete-beginners-guide-to-matrix-multiplication-for-data-science-with-python-numpy-9274ecfc1dc6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*YGcMQSr0ge_DGn96WnEkZw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-complete-beginners-guide-to-matrix-multiplication-for-data-science-with-python-numpy-9274ecfc1dc6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn matrix multiplication for machine learning by following along with
Python examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Pandas
Groupby](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-pandas-groupby-efc6600d093?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*6CLy9bPFV7srVtkbEmcHWQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/mastering-pandas-groupby-efc6600d093?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Understanding the Groupby Method

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pandas tips I wish I knew
before](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-tips-i-wish-i-knew-before-ef4ea6a39e1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_gu2ctyUqKGYe2Q6KbgDJA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/pandas-tips-i-wish-i-knew-before-ef4ea6a39e1a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How does pivot work? What is the main pandas building block? And more …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualize Categorical Relationships With
Catscatter](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualize-categorical-relationships-with-catscatter-e60cdb164395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*KrbRuiBUy7LsADuQbcws1A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualize-categorical-relationships-with-catscatter-e60cdb164395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

What if you can create a scatter plot for categorical features?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Art of Geofencing in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-art-of-geofencing-in-python-e6cc237e172d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/1*G6L1Y7ka3Q7pqh8jjQi28A.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-art-of-geofencing-in-python-e6cc237e172d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Tutorial — Triggering notifications and Nudging GPS locations from
users.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Computer Vision 101: Working with Color Images in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/computer-vision-101-working-with-color-images-in-python-7b57381a8a54?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*dQsnsb5ndX53BEH-ea98wQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/computer-vision-101-working-with-color-images-in-python-7b57381a8a54?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn the basics of working with RGB and Lab images to boost your
computer vision projects!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lesser-known pandas tricks
(2019)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-pandas-tricks-e8ab1dd21431)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:390/0*POJPMl2GZ03ROY2D.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-pandas-tricks-e8ab1dd21431)

</div>

5 lesser-known pandas tricks that help you be more productive

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Export Pandas DataFrame to
CSV](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-export-pandas-dataframe-to-csv-2038e43d9c03?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*OgX9d3M38QFMkWhO)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-export-pandas-dataframe-to-csv-2038e43d9c03?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

In this post, we’ll go over how to write DataFrames to CSV files.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seaborn Visualizations
Tutorial](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-visualizations-tutorial-c390bf1d43ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*lB6l0fgXgUo60VEqT6Q1MA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-visualizations-tutorial-c390bf1d43ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A walkthrough of many Seaborn tools using NHL Statistics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Probability Learning: Monte Carlo
Methods](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-learning-monte-carlo-methods-6ea4f35c49c6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*yct2wSsXAd4M6F5SqGnsvQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/probability-learning-monte-carlo-methods-6ea4f35c49c6?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn Monte Carlo Methods with three simple examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[\[P\] PyCM 2.6 released : Multi-class confusion matrix library in
Python](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/forx08/p_pycm_26_released_multiclass_confusion_matrix)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/forx08)](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/forx08/p_pycm_26_released_multiclass_confusion_matrix)

</div>

https://github.com/sepandhaghighi/pycm https://www.pycm.ir
custom_rounder function added \#279 complement function added
sparse_matrix attribute added…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn how to read data into a Pandas DataFrame in 5
minutes](https://towardsdatascience.com/learn-how-to-read-data-into-a-pandas-dataframe-in-5-minutes-122af8e0b9db?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:340:179/g:fp:0.7:0.22/0*miu7OIUgraivaOfj.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/learn-how-to-read-data-into-a-pandas-dataframe-in-5-minutes-122af8e0b9db?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Extract data from different sources

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Less Known but Very Useful Pandas
Functions](https://towardsdatascience.com/less-known-but-very-useful-pandas-functions-1e1756afb2a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*qgWVwi0JRHbFDcaYKPKK5Q.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/less-known-but-very-useful-pandas-functions-1e1756afb2a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Expedite your data analysis process

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hyperparameter Tuning with Python: Complete Step-by-Step
Guide](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperparameter-tuning-with-python-keras-xgboost-guide-7cb3ef480f9c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/0*BmSCDp3q9mqCQZJn.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperparameter-tuning-with-python-keras-xgboost-guide-7cb3ef480f9c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Why and How to use with examples of Keras/XGBoost

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Streamz: Python pipelines to manage continuous streams of
data](https://streamz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python built-in functions you should
know](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-python-built-in-functions-you-should-know-f6beba1698bb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:823/1*Vk9Wk4d7ZCljjC-68c4BVQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-python-built-in-functions-you-should-know-f6beba1698bb?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

with usage examples

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[NumPy indexing
explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-indexing-explained-c376abb2440d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fbwZ-siayjTna3DHUc8gGA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/numpy-indexing-explained-c376abb2440d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

NumPy is the universal standard for working with Numerical data in
Python. Multidimensional NumPy arrays are extensively used in Pandas…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PostgreSQL Python: Connect To PostgreSQL Database
Server](https://www.postgresqltutorial.com/postgresql-python/connect)

</div>

In this tutorial, you will learn how to connect to the PostgreSQL
database server from Python using the psycopg2 package.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

["Pandas" - KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/?s=Pandas)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 3 Numpy Functions You Don’t Know About
(Probably)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-3-numpy-functions-you-dont-know-about-probably-f3f49299a749?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*X5LaFRktrsXZlOWA)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-3-numpy-functions-you-dont-know-about-probably-f3f49299a749?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The ones not covered in every How-to Guide

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Two Pandas functions you must know for easy data manipulation in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/two-pandas-functions-you-must-know-for-easy-data-manipulation-in-python-2f6d0a2ef3e5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*jpGswBvzIzPJWyBIJWldBw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/two-pandas-functions-you-must-know-for-easy-data-manipulation-in-python-2f6d0a2ef3e5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Master these pandas functions (and methods) to shorten your code,
improve performance and avoid headaches.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why and How to Use Dask with Big
Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-and-how-to-use-dask-with-big-data-746e34dac7c3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*KRRpJtq1bw7YZ3WL)](https://towardsdatascience.com/why-and-how-to-use-dask-with-big-data-746e34dac7c3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

As a Data Scientist

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Decorators in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/decorators-in-python-9cf8ba95e8e7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:800/1*AlZKWb8AYpG8b3F1_KUtxQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/decorators-in-python-9cf8ba95e8e7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how you can change the behavior of objce

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 3 Python Functions You Don’t Know About
(Probably)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-3-python-functions-you-dont-know-about-probably-978f4be1e6d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*ZSR2HwcRxTMtyDBM)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-3-python-functions-you-dont-know-about-probably-978f4be1e6d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Cleaner Code and Fewer Loops? Count me in.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Finding cyclic patterns: a tutorial on how to implement STFT in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/finding-cyclic-patterns-a-tutorial-on-how-to-implement-stft-in-python-e93cea9efd5a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:527/0*w5GXwT5cy3T8uhjZ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/finding-cyclic-patterns-a-tutorial-on-how-to-implement-stft-in-python-e93cea9efd5a?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

If you have ever heard Python and Fourier nouns, chances are you’ll find
this post useful: here I will explore a simple way to implement…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fast & Asynchronous in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/fast-and-async-in-python-accelerate-your-requests-using-asyncio-62dafca83c33?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*6mXdFHFZG3xh3TMSigUoCA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/fast-and-async-in-python-accelerate-your-requests-using-asyncio-62dafca83c33?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Accelerate Your Requests Using asyncio

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rahul Agarwal on LinkedIn: \#regex \#python \#datascience
\#nlp](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rahulagwl_the-ultimate-guide-to-using-the-python-regex-activity-6639584596629512192-2kDf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C5634AQGxpxPUFh8Dqw/ugc-proxy-shrink_800/ugc-proxy-shrink_800/0/1604879191475?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=GnNfmy_FPDHjqus3UMslA1fy35d5iXxuY8alWkS50p8)](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rahulagwl_the-ultimate-guide-to-using-the-python-regex-activity-6639584596629512192-2kDf)

</div>

"The Ultimate Guide to using the Python regex module"
https://lttr.ai/Nt5c \#regex \#Python \#datascience \#nlp

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Please Stop Doing These 5 Things in
Pandas](https://towardsdatascience.com/please-stop-doing-these-5-things-in-pandas-9fbabea897aa?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*7pKsJ_5D9bf46rMt)](https://towardsdatascience.com/please-stop-doing-these-5-things-in-pandas-9fbabea897aa?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

These mistakes are super common, and super easy to fix.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced usage of Python requests: timeouts, retries,
hooks](https://findwork.dev/blog/advanced-usage-python-requests-timeouts-retries-hooks)

</div>

Learn about the advanced features the requests library hides under the
hood. DRY base URLs, hooks, retry on failure, default timeouts and
mocking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyTorch internals](http://blog.ezyang.com/2019/05/pytorch-internals)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Amazing Pandas & NumPy
Functions](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-amazing-pandas-numpy-functions-22e5671a45b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*vuQ4fs_zYLoqVoIw_YS3sA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-amazing-pandas-numpy-functions-22e5671a45b8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Make your day to day life easier by using these functions in your
analysis

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Pytesseract to Convert Images into a HTML
Site](https://armaizadenwala.com/blog/pytesseract-images-to-html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://armaizadenwala.com/static/pytesseract-convert-image-to-html-site-2eb71aa3a94dd3c94672d691c8d5e7eb.png)](https://armaizadenwala.com/blog/pytesseract-images-to-html)

</div>

Convert images to a string with Google Tesseract and then into a static
HTML site using python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data animations with Python and MoviePy - \_\_del\_\_( self
)](http://zulko.github.io/blog/2014/11/29/data-animations-with-python-and-moviepy)

</div>

Python has some great data visualization librairies, but few can render
GIFs or video animations. This post shows how to use MoviePy as a
generic …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Automate the Boring Stuff with
Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/2e)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python String Processing
Primer](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/01/python-string-processing-primer.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/python-strings-cheatsheet.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/01/python-string-processing-primer.html)

</div>

Try this string processing primer cheatsheet to gain an understanding of
using Python to manipulate and process strings at a basic level.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build pipelines with Pandas using “pdpipe” - Towards Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/https-medium-com-tirthajyoti-build-pipelines-with-pandas-using-pdpipe-cade6128cd31)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*4dB1ECCAp5YBGSX1emGfIQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/https-medium-com-tirthajyoti-build-pipelines-with-pandas-using-pdpipe-cade6128cd31)

</div>

We show how to build intuitive and useful pipelines with Pandas
DataFrame using a wonderful little library called pdpipe.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python Tips and Tricks You Should Learn Today -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/01/10-python-tips-tricks-learn-today.html)

</div>

Check out this collection of 10 Python snippets that can be taken as a
reference for your daily work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Martin Heinz - Personal Website &
Blog](https://martinheinz.dev/blog/13)

</div>

Python haters always say, that one of reasons they don't want to use it,
is that it's slow. Well, whether specific program - regardle...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Learn Metaflow in 10 mins — Netflix’s Python/R Framework for Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/learn-metaflow-in-10-mins-netflixs-python-r-framework-for-data-scientists-2ef124c716e4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:643/1*3zmkB74TE5g6yeysKj_f0Q.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/learn-metaflow-in-10-mins-netflixs-python-r-framework-for-data-scientists-2ef124c716e4)

</div>

Spend more time modeling, and less time managing infrastructures. A
hands-on tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SciPy 1.0: fundamental algorithms for scientific computing in Python \|
Natu](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-019-0686-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.springernature.com/m685/springer-static/image/art%3A10.1038%2Fs41592-019-0686-2/MediaObjects/41592_2019_686_Fig1_HTML.png)](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-019-0686-2)

</div>

Nature Methods - This Perspective describes the development and
capabilities of SciPy 1.0, an open source scientific computing library
for the Python programming language.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTML Parser: How to scrap HTML content \| Python
Central](https://www.pythoncentral.io/html-parser)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.pythoncentral.io/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/wordpress-hints-html-pexel.jpeg)](https://www.pythoncentral.io/html-parser)

</div>

A tutorial about a HTML parser for Python 3. Learn about the basic of a
library for easily parsing web pages and extracting useful information.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building an OCR Engine with Python and
Tesseract](https://nanonets.com/blog/ocr-with-tesseract)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nanonets.com/blog/content/images/size/w1200/2019/12/Tesseract.gif)](https://nanonets.com/blog/ocr-with-tesseract)

</div>

Dive deep into OCR with Tesseract, including Pytesseract integration,
training with custom data, limitations, and comparisons with enterprise
solutions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Tuples and Tuple
Methods](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/11/python-tuples-methods.html)

</div>

Brush up on your Python basics with this post on creating, using, and
manipulating tuples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Speed up Pandas by 4x with one line of
code](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/11/speed-up-pandas-4x.html)

</div>

While Pandas is the library for data processing in Python, it isn't
really built for speed. Learn more about the new library, Modin,
developed to distribute Pandas' computation to speedup your data prep.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When your data doesn’t fit in memory: the basic
techniques](https://pythonspeed.com/articles/data-doesnt-fit-in-memory)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pythonspeed.com/assets/titles/data-doesnt-fit-in-memory.png)](https://pythonspeed.com/articles/data-doesnt-fit-in-memory)

</div>

You can process data that doesn’t fit in memory by using four basic
techniques: spending money, compression, chunking, and indexing.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Extend Scikit-learn and Bring Sanity to Your Machine Learning
Workflow -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/10/extend-scikit-learn-bring-sanity-machine-learning-workflow.html)

</div>

In this post, learn how to extend Scikit-learn code to make your
experiments easier to maintain and reproduce.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Advanced Features of Pandas and How to Use
Them](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/10/5-advanced-features-pandas.html)

</div>

The pandas library offers core functionality when preparing your data
using Python. But, many don't go beyond the basics, so learn about these
lesser-known advanced methods that will make handling your data easier
and cleaner.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Counting FLOPS and other CPU counters in
Python](http://www.bnikolic.co.uk/blog/python/flops/2019/09/27/python-counting-events.html)

</div>

On the Linux command line it is fairly easy to use the perf command to
measure number of floating point operations (or other performance
metrics). (See for example this old blog post ) with this approach it is
not easy to get a fine grained view of how different stages of
processings within a single process. In this short note I describe how
the python-papi package can be used to measure the FLOP requirements of
any section of a Python program.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What’s New In Python 3.8 — Python 3.8.0
documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/3.8.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://docs.python.org/3/_static/og-image.png)](https://docs.python.org/3/whatsnew/3.8.html)

</div>

Editor, Raymond Hettinger,. This article explains the new features in
Python 3.8, compared to 3.7. Python 3.8 was released on October 14,
2019. For full details, see the changelog. Summary – Releas...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyPy's New JSON
Parser](https://morepypy.blogspot.com/2019/10/pypys-new-json-parser.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg8_phJkXrunhcpyeV5RMuBmo-jKLB2dqUYU22Pb2gWMFph-jPfj0akNCRgoE6nres2hGwf08uoPEXOTagI2HOXVUVIQk19HL4D0cgPDIGbzowAiUk10WKtzQywRhjCEpmxbyXfdvgQ2EY/s400/2019_json_nytimes.png)](https://morepypy.blogspot.com/2019/10/pypys-new-json-parser.html)

</div>

Introduction In the last year or two I have worked on and off on making
PyPy's JSON faster, particularly when parsing large JSON files. I...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Async IO in Python: A Complete Walkthrough – Real
Python](https://realpython.com/async-io-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://files.realpython.com/media/A-Complete-Walkthrough-of-Pythons-Asyncio_Watermarked.5b6b9a01fdc9.jpg)](https://realpython.com/async-io-python)

</div>

This tutorial will give you a firm grasp of Python’s approach to async
IO, which is a concurrent programming design that has received dedicated
support in Python, evolving rapidly from Python 3.4 through 3.7 (and
probably beyond).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Grammar of Graphics for Python – plotnine
0.13.6](https://plotnine.readthedocs.io/en/stable)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PySpark Cheat Sheet: Spark in
Python](https://www.datacamp.com/community/blog/pyspark-cheat-sheet-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.datacamp.com/image/upload/v1649266641/Py_Spark_Cheat_Sheet_Spark_in_Python_owornh_b06f2ca6ae.webp)](https://www.datacamp.com/community/blog/pyspark-cheat-sheet-python)

</div>

This PySpark cheat sheet with code samples covers the basics like
initializing Spark in Python, loading data, sorting, and repartitioning.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Installation — Datashader v0.16.3](http://datashader.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Arima Model – Complete Guide to Time Series Forecasting in
Python](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/time-series/arima-model-time-series-forecasting-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/arima_forecasting_feature.png)](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/time-series/arima-model-time-series-forecasting-python)

</div>

Using ARIMA model, you can forecast a time series using the series past
values. In this post, we build an optimal ARIMA model from scratch and
extend it to Seasonal ARIMA (SARIMA) and SARIMAX models. You will also
see how to build autoarima models in python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python at Netflix](https://link.medium.com/dFBFtLm4jW)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:601/1*PPIp7twJJUknfohZqtL8pQ.png)](https://link.medium.com/dFBFtLm4jW)

</div>

By Pythonistas at Netflix, coordinated by Amjith Ramanujam and edited by
Ellen Livengood

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[L](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?h=AT36pxF8XUidMH58n2H5jgUQhCzHY73yokD-WmrlM2hucFkdf_nygzWtO4FP6wIGJorSedlQ8lZbo2ImvR7D0xzxHeaWgQ8Dh9WoCLAgw-Wcdykv31Uvb9mSJHDhfn8ltyJJdEkX2_x2_6uYHTgAa1zqccDLur_dtiru8OYwm_AKGwR_e8AnrR_dXFvDXccVDXavOY-b6qhZKx6LODlsZktgqJ2NPRFepY4iviXjINVXHamRP7qPwOmvOGcxLGURKsBzyH3EHO6PPSbmu-7uH46aJuragH8bRQCJVuNlHJqpeAgwcVBkpxpYWOmbJLnKvBjOFKH_WmdIy8VgmMVclRCFey-_JXC2s98suIUZ2_JhNDk1S7yYtQTKQBPhsoL_PvtyYFM8oJP9QGXr3ueYl7Qwjhh78bk5RyCqomgyL5aGM6cQhg3xlQ6gec1DLzi-VyBUALbY2bi-CTQwiglKqWU7q7bw-3l59UsghdUk4XECUKsZ_cZ7C4cZhNpvOjsk7-4JVD34H3Ki8ZbF9ci0Il9kqTLn-w9y6kUakysgSMjJRVpY4ve9IHEkGRwkoI2GyMErFG_uoZyuylMM81kfR70hpP6_0Do0zAhLLQkqG8VLGxF1xPYbebUtHpXtTGwzBe1C-9ZbJkUUNDY4ORbjzlLRlxsi0HMsRyw&u=https://buff.ly/2WoAupL?fbclid=IwAR1i3kmW9Q0hnG5KCnmeaxk5tj5ypZ0nseAlU0CAa1aSOi_sJ79JxHup_i0)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Data Science Handbook \| Python Data Science
Handbook](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make your own Super Pandas using
Multiproc](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/04/22/python_pandas_multiproc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mlwhiz.com/images/superpanda/superpanda.png)](https://mlwhiz.com/blog/2019/04/22/python_pandas_multiproc)

</div>

This post is a part of my series on Python Shorts. Some tips on how to
use python. This post is about using the computing power we have at hand
and applying it to the data structure we use most.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use C Functions in
Python](https://dev.to/erikwhiting88/how-to-use-c-functions-in-python-7do)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/erikwhiting88/how-to-use-c-functions-in-python-7do)

</div>

Did you know you can write functions in C and then call them directly
from Python? Isn't that cool? L...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Cython, the Secret Python Extension with
Superpowers](http://okigiveup.net/an-introduction-to-cython)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[yzhao062/pyod: A Python Toolbox for Scalable Outlier Detection (Anomaly
Det](https://github.com/yzhao062/pyod)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/5b9df86cfb61179abdc5f47b10c4f9d9417d2b08f1cdda3305b293285207f1d3/yzhao062/pyod)](https://github.com/yzhao062/pyod)

</div>

A Python Library for Outlier and Anomaly Detection, Integrating
Classical and Deep Learning Techniques - yzhao062/pyod

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Simple Hacks to Speed up Your Data Analysis in
Python](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2019/07/10-simple-hacks-speed-data-analysis-python.html?fbclid=IwAR2v8_0mOZmZ4NcDJ8cJ4KOppkMSPxFrMQpnhtPg1_9xzTIFZ7vT_cZedFc)

</div>

This article lists some curated tips for working with Python and Jupyter
Notebooks, covering topics such as easily profiling data, formatting
code and output, debugging, and more. Hopefully you can find something
useful within.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 5 Tips Developers Should Know For Python Codes Optimization /
Habr](https://habr.com/en/post/459546)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cython](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033431.do)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781491901731/1200w630h/)](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033431.do)

</div>

Build software that combines Python’s expressivity with the performance
and control of C (and C++). It’s possible with Cython, the compiler and
hybrid programming language used by foundational packages such … -
Selection from Cython \[Book\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://datawhatnow.com/things-you-are-probably-not-using-in-python-3-but-should/](https://datawhatnow.com/things-you-are-probably-not-using-in-python-3-but-should)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing a RESTful API with Python and Flask -
miguelgrinberg.com](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/designing-a-restful-api-with-python-and-flask)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/static/cards/designing-a-restful-api-with-python-and-flask.jpg)](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/designing-a-restful-api-with-python-and-flask)

</div>

In recent years REST (REpresentational State Transfer) has emerged as
the standard architectural design for web services and web APIs.In this
article I'm going to show you how easy it is to create a…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Talking to Python from JavaScript (and Back
Again!)](https://dev.to/healeycodes/talking-to-python-from-javascript-and-back-again-31jf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fthepracticaldev.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fxg734luk6eod6asz44x0.png)](https://dev.to/healeycodes/talking-to-python-from-javascript-and-back-again-31jf)

</div>

Something a lot of beginners struggle with is the concept of passing
data between different programmi...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Bokeh — Bokeh 1.0.4
documentation](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static.bokeh.org/og/logotype-on-hex.png)](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest)

</div>

Bokeh is a Python library for creating interactive visualizations for
modern web browsers. It helps you build beautiful graphics, ranging from
simple plots to complex dashboards with streaming data...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forecasting in Python with Prophet \| Reports -
Mode](https://mode.com/example-gallery/forecasting_prophet_python_cookbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mode.com/resources/images/gallery/prophet/prophet_forecast_final_python.png)](https://mode.com/example-gallery/forecasting_prophet_python_cookbook)

</div>

A guided walkthrough of how to use the Prophet python library to solve a
common forecasting problem.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dash ? – plotly –
Medium](https://medium.com/@plotlygraphs/introducing-dash-5ecf7191b503)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:800/1*rRlAWnRIFf2Ti_bIXzMFSg.gif)](https://medium.com/@plotlygraphs/introducing-dash-5ecf7191b503)

</div>

Create Reactive Web Apps in pure Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Statistical Hypothesis Tests in Python (Cheat
Sheet)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/statistical-hypothesis-tests-in-python-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Statistical-Hypothesis-Tests-in-Python-Cheat-Sheet.jpg)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/statistical-hypothesis-tests-in-python-cheat-sheet)

</div>

Quick-reference guide to the 17 statistical hypothesis tests that you
need in applied machine learning, with sample code in Python. Although
there are hundreds of statistical hypothesis tests that you could use,
there is only a small subset that you may need to use in a machine
learning project. In this post, you will discover a cheat sheet for the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why you should be using
pathlib](http://treyhunner.com/2018/12/why-you-should-be-using-pathlib)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.gravatar.com/avatar/93a988bd85040f58f8417dc4be78c7de?s=500)](http://treyhunner.com/2018/12/why-you-should-be-using-pathlib)

</div>

When I discovered Python’s new pathlib module a few years ago, I
initially wrote it off as being a slightly more awkward and
unnecessarily …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python profiling with
Pyflame](https://medium.com/build-smarter/blazing-fast-python-40a2b25b0495)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ROuZmYPaPZYbMJHKMJRDIQ.jpeg)](https://medium.com/build-smarter/blazing-fast-python-40a2b25b0495)

</div>

Profiling Python applications using Pyflame

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top Python Libraries in 2018 in Data Science, Deep Learning, Machine
Learning -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/12/top-python-libraries-2018.html)

</div>

Here are the top 15 Python libraries across Data Science, Data
Visualization. Deep Learning, and Machine Learning.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Data Visualization 2018: Why So Many
Libraries?](https://www.anaconda.com/blog/developer-blog/python-data-visualization-2018-why-so-many-libraries)

</div>

Anaconda is the birthplace of Python data science. We are a movement of
data scientists, data-driven enterprises, and open source communities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[newspaper3k · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/newspaper3k)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/newspaper3k)

</div>

Simplified python article discovery & extraction.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ultimate Guide to 12 Dimensionality Reduction Techniques (with
Python
c](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2018/08/dimensionality-reduction-techniques-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.analyticsvidhya.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Top-8-Coding-Platforms-for-Data-Science-Beginner-01-scaled.jpg)](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2018/08/dimensionality-reduction-techniques-python)

</div>

Learn how these 12 dimensionality reduction techniques can help you
extract valuable patterns and insights from high-dimensional datasets.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An A-Z of useful Python
tricks](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/an-a-z-of-useful-python-tricks-b467524ee747)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn-media-1.freecodecamp.org/images/0*omyr-SRrpmo80-28)](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/an-a-z-of-useful-python-tricks-b467524ee747)

</div>

By Peter Gleeson Python is one of the world’s most popular, in-demand
programming languages. This is for many reasons: it’s easy to learn it’s
super versatile it has a huge range of modules and libraries I use
Python daily as an integral part of my...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mukund109/word-mesh: A context-preserving word cloud
generator](https://github.com/mukund109/word-mesh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/804bffda74428144105c36c1450ff98002191cffa8329331dd693a60a7961b9c/mukund109/word-mesh)](https://github.com/mukund109/word-mesh)

</div>

A context-preserving word cloud generator.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cookbook — Bayesian Modelling with
PyMC3](https://eigenfoo.xyz/bayesian-modelling-cookbook)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.georgeho.org/assets/images/asterism.png)](https://eigenfoo.xyz/bayesian-modelling-cookbook)

</div>

Recently I’ve started using PyMC3 for Bayesian modelling, and it’s an
amazing piece of software! The API only exposes as much of heavy
machinery of MCMC as you need — by which I mean, just the pm.sample()
method (a.k.a., as Thomas Wiecki puts it, the Magic Inference Button™).
This really frees up your mind to think about your data and model, which
is really the heart and soul of data science! That being said however, I
quickly realized that the water gets very deep very fast: I explored my
data set, specified a hierarchical model that made sense to me, hit the
Magic Inference Button™, and… uh, what now? I blinked at the angry red
warnings the sampler spat out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Feature Selection Tool for Machine Learning in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-feature-selection-tool-for-machine-learning-in-python-b64dd23710f0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*rqeNwjiakRS-SqsW9wCgrA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-feature-selection-tool-for-machine-learning-in-python-b64dd23710f0)

</div>

Using the FeatureSelector for efficient machine learning workflows

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Market Basket Analysis in
Python](http://pbpython.com/market-basket-analysis.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pbpython.com/images/pbpython-logo.png)](http://pbpython.com/market-basket-analysis.html)

</div>

Using mlxtend to perform market basket analysis on online retail data
set.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python For Finance: Algorithmic
Trading](https://medium.com/@kacawi/python-for-finance-algorithmic-trading-60fdfb9bb20d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:640/0*1Tz2TStuR1fbSCS-.png)](https://medium.com/@kacawi/python-for-finance-algorithmic-trading-60fdfb9bb20d)

</div>

Originally published at
https://www.datacamp.com/community/tutorials/finance-python-trading

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Frequency Distribution Analysis using Python Data Stack – Part
1](http://dataconomy.com/2017/05/frequency-distribution-analysis-python-data-stack-1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/green-tree-python-543243_1280-compressor-e1495796901375.jpg)](http://dataconomy.com/2017/05/frequency-distribution-analysis-python-data-stack-1)

</div>

During my years as a Consultant Data Scientist I have received many
requests from my clients to provide frequency distribution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Elliptic Curves as Python Objects \| Math ∩
Programming](https://jeremykun.com/2014/02/24/elliptic-curves-as-python-objects)

</div>

Last time we saw a geometric version of the algorithm to add points on
elliptic curves. We went quite deep into the formal setting for it
(projective space \$ \mathbb{P}^2\$), and we spent a lot of time talking
about the right way to define the “zero” object in our elliptic curve so
that our issues with vertical lines would disappear. With that
understanding in mind we now finally turn to code, and write classes for
curves and points and implement the addition algorithm.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python decorators, the right way: the 4 audiences of programming
languages](https://codewithoutrules.com/2017/08/10/python-decorators)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://codewithoutrules.com/assets/titles/python-decorators.png)](https://codewithoutrules.com/2017/08/10/python-decorators)

</div>

Python decorators are a useful but flawed language feature. Intended to
make source code easier to write, and a little more readable, they
neglect to address another use case: that of the programmer who will be
calling the decorated code. If you’re a Python programmer, the following
post will show you why decorators exist, and how to compensate for their
limitations. And even if you’re not a Python a programmer, I hope to
demonstrate the importance of keeping in mind all of the different
audiences for the code you write.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[scikit-surprise 1.0.5 : Python Package
Index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scikit-surprise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scikit-surprise)

</div>

An easy-to-use library for recommender systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[(1) Cohort Analysis with Python \|
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cohort-analysis-python-abdallah-mashashi)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/en3f1pk3qk4cxtj2j4fff0gtr)](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cohort-analysis-python-abdallah-mashashi)

</div>

Discover 100 collaborative articles on domains such as Marketing, Public
Administration, and Healthcare. Our expertly curated collection combines
AI-generated content with insights and advice from industry experts,
providing you with unique perspectives and up-to-date information on
many skills and their applications.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Table Visualization — pandas 2.2.3
documentation](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/style.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Topic Modeling with Gensim (Python) - A Practical
Guide](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/nlp/topic-modeling-gensim-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/Gensim_Topic_Modeling_Feature.png)](https://www.machinelearningplus.com/nlp/topic-modeling-gensim-python)

</div>

Topic Modeling is a technique to understand and extract the hidden
topics from large volumes of text. Latent Dirichlet Allocation(LDA) is
an algorithm for topic modeling, which has excellent implementations in
the Python's Gensim package. This tutorial tackles the problem of
finding the optimal number of topics.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HyperTools: A python toolbox for gaining geometric insights into
high-dimensional data — hypertools 0.6.2
documentation](http://hypertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python: How to import other Python files - Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2349991/python-how-to-import-other-python-files)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2349991/python-how-to-import-other-python-files)

</div>

How do I import files in Python? I want to import: a file (e.g. file.py)
a folder a file dynamically at runtime, based on user input one specific
part of a file (e.g. a single function)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Python
Generators](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-python-generators--cms-29491)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/15/posts/29491/preview_image/phyhon-aids-day.png)](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/introduction-to-python-generators--cms-29491)

</div>

Generators make it easy to create iterations in Python and in return
write less code. This tutorial will introduce you to Python generators,
their benefits, and how they work. Basics A generator...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting Started on Heroku with Python \| Heroku Dev
Center](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#introduction)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.herokucdn.com/images/og.png)](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python#introduction)

</div>

A step-by-step guide for deploying your first Python app and mastering
the basics of Heroku

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[keon/algorithms: Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in
Python](https://github.com/keon/algorithms)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/a2668d781d2a228ce7adb911f45deab1a467b6c2332b28dbc064d7b1434564ac/keon/algorithms)](https://github.com/keon/algorithms)

</div>

Minimal examples of data structures and algorithms in Python -
keon/algorithms

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Removing Outliers Using Standard Deviation in
Python](http://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/02/removing-outliers-standard-deviation-python.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/removing_outliers_standard_deviation_python.png)](http://www.kdnuggets.com/2017/02/removing-outliers-standard-deviation-python.html)

</div>

Standard Deviation is one of the most underrated statistical tools out
there. It’s an extremely useful metric that most people know how to
calculate but very few know how to use effectively.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Numba: High-Performance Python with CUDA
Acceleration](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/parallelforall/numba-python-cuda-acceleration)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/numba_blue_icon_rgb.png)](https://devblogs.nvidia.com/parallelforall/numba-python-cuda-acceleration)

</div>

Numba is an open-source Python compiler from Anaconda that can compile
Python code for high-performance execution on CUDA-capable GPUs or
multicore CPUs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Args and Kwargs in
Python](https://code.tutsplus.com/articles/understanding-args-and-kwargs-in-python--cms-29494)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/1885/posts/29494/preview_image/Python.png)](https://code.tutsplus.com/articles/understanding-args-and-kwargs-in-python--cms-29494)

</div>

In this tutorial, I will be focusing on arguments (\*args) and keyword
arguments (\*kwargs) in Python. I will teach you what args and kwargs
are and, most importantly, how to use them—that is...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[vestuto/reusable-python: A tutorial on organizing python code into
reusable](https://github.com/vestuto/reusable-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/c4b7f9055d294d6022b87ba30f77c049e3943a0368c639d09c0a86308fa45ad1/vestuto/reusable-python)](https://github.com/vestuto/reusable-python)

</div>

A tutorial on organizing python code into reusable units, building
packages, and using conda. - vestuto/reusable-python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Python Graph Gallery – Visualizing data – with
Python](https://python-graph-gallery.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.com/holtzy/The-Python-Graph-Gallery/blob/master/static/overview_PGG.png?raw=true)](https://python-graph-gallery.com)

</div>

The Python Graph Gallery displays hundreds of charts made with Python,
always with explanation and reproduciible code

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Anvil: Web Apps with Nothing but Python](https://anvil.works)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://anvil.works/img/homepage-thumbnail.png)](https://anvil.works)

</div>

Yes, really, nothing but Python! Anvil has a drag-and-drop editor,
Python in the browser and on the server, and one-click deployment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making a Static Blog with Pelican \|
EF](http://nafiulis.me/making-a-static-blog-with-pelican.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Python is Slow: Looking Under the Hood \| Pythonic
Perambulations](http://jakevdp.github.io/blog/2014/05/09/why-python-is-slow)

</div>

</div>

</div>
