<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# repair

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Real Reasons Your Appliances Die
Young](https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/modern-appliances-short-lifespan/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thewirecutter.com/wp-content/media/2025/06/FEATURE-APPLIANCES-OBSOLESCENCE-TopArt-3x2-1.jpg?auto=webp&quality=75&crop=1:1,smart&width=1024)](https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/modern-appliances-short-lifespan/)

</div>

Modern appliances pack in more features and efficiency than ever — but
you might need to accept that they won’t last as long as Grandma’s old
fridge.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fix Three Broken
Things](https://www.raptitude.com/2025/01/fix-three-broken-things/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.raptitude.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/mika-baumeister-moia38qcU84-unsplash600.jpg)](https://www.raptitude.com/2025/01/fix-three-broken-things/)

</div>

Seneca pointed out that people tend to be reflexively stingy with their
money, but almost comically wasteful with their time. There are at least
two ways to take this. One is that Seneca thought he used his time
better than you and I do, and maybe he did. Another interpretation is
that everyday life, for most people, is an untapped

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Undersea
Surgeons](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2024/11/30/world/africa/subsea-cables.html?unlocked_article_code=1.fE4.QCAZ.xAGDiacbhWEZ&smid=nytcore-ios-share&referringSource=articleShare)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/10/08/multimedia/2024-07-31-subsea-cable-index/2024-07-31-subsea-cable-index-videoSixteenByNine3000-v2.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2024/11/30/world/africa/subsea-cables.html?unlocked_article_code=1.fE4.QCAZ.xAGDiacbhWEZ&smid=nytcore-ios-share&referringSource=articleShare)

</div>

The cables at the heart of the lightspeed, globe-spanning internet run
across the grimy, perilous, inaccessible deeps of the sea, in places no
one ever sees or visits – until the cables break.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Soul of Maintaining a New
Machine](https://books.worksinprogress.co/book/maintenance-of-everything/communities-of-practice/the-soul-of-maintaining-a-new-machine/1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://books.worksinprogress.co/book/maintenance-of-everything/communities-of-practice/the-soul-of-maintaining-a-new-machine/1/opengraph-image-3a8ls1?8d74b0994d37f358)](https://books.worksinprogress.co/book/maintenance-of-everything/communities-of-practice/the-soul-of-maintaining-a-new-machine/1)

</div>

Books in Progress is what we call a “public drafting tool”: Drafts will
be made available for comment from the public, allowing for direct
collaboration between author and reader.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fantastic Industrial Design Student Work: "How Long Should Objects
Last?"](https://www.core77.com/posts/132088/Fantastic-Industrial-Design-Student-Work-How-Long-Should-Objects-Last)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s3files.core77.com/blog/images/lead_n_spotlight/1539307_lead_400_132088_.jpg)](https://www.core77.com/posts/132088/Fantastic-Industrial-Design-Student-Work-How-Long-Should-Objects-Last)

</div>

This incredibly ambitious and thoroughly-executed project is by Charlie
Humble-Thomas, done while pursuing his Masters in the Design Products
program at the RCA. Called Conditional Longevity, it asks the question:
"How long should objects last?" Seeking the answer, Humble-Thomas
tackles an oft-discarded object, the umbrella, and designs three
variants: Recyclable,

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The invisible seafaring industry that keeps the internet
afloat](https://www.theverge.com/c/24070570/internet-cables-undersea-deep-repair-ships)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/DrOYXnNspMRC-3zMh2wDtQBkZCU=/184x288:2517x1513/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25281635/236543_Deep_sea_cable_repair_GTakayama_0106.jpg)](https://www.theverge.com/c/24070570/internet-cables-undersea-deep-repair-ships)

</div>

How one crew risked radiation, storms, and currents to save Japan from
digital isolation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 States Considering ‘Right To Repair’ Reforms in
2024](https://www.techdirt.com/2024/04/10/30-states-considering-right-to-repair-reforms-in-2024)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.techdirt.com/wp-content/themes/techdirt/assets/images/td-rect-logo-white.png)](https://www.techdirt.com/2024/04/10/30-states-considering-right-to-repair-reforms-in-2024)

</div>

Oregon recently became the seventh state to pass “right to repair”
legislation making it easier, cheaper, and more convenient to repair
technology you own. The bill’s passage came…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[You Don’t Even Realize These Products Have Lifetime
Warranties](https://clicks.getpocket.com/f/a/IimdeOWiLFaeNBayasXTTQ~~/AAQRxQA~/RgRlPRcTP4QIAWh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20veW91LWRvbi10LWV2ZW4tcmVhbGl6ZS10aGVzZS1wcm9kdWN0cy1oYXZlLWxpZmV0aW1lLXdhci0xODQ5NjAxNzg1P3V0bV9tZWRpdW09ZW1haWwmdXRtX3NvdXJjZT1wb2NrZXRfaGl0cyZ1dG1fY2FtcGFpZ249UE9DS0VUX0hJVFMtRU4tREFJTFktUkVDUy0yMDIyXzEwXzI3JnNwb25zb3JlZD0wJnBvc2l0aW9uPTkmc2NoZWR1bGVkX2NvcnB1c19pdGVtX2lkPTc1ZDcyMTBhLTI4YmYtNDYwOC04YjJlLTIxYmE1NzBlZWI2NFcDc3BjQgpjTxOSWmMdmeRuUhBianBjanBAZ21haWwuY29tWAQAAAHM)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lifehacker.com/imagery/articles/01HF2H5HDA292H4QCD1PK60SPX/hero-image.fill.size_1200x675.jpg)](https://clicks.getpocket.com/f/a/IimdeOWiLFaeNBayasXTTQ~~/AAQRxQA~/RgRlPRcTP4QIAWh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20veW91LWRvbi10LWV2ZW4tcmVhbGl6ZS10aGVzZS1wcm9kdWN0cy1oYXZlLWxpZmV0aW1lLXdhci0xODQ5NjAxNzg1P3V0bV9tZWRpdW09ZW1haWwmdXRtX3NvdXJjZT1wb2NrZXRfaGl0cyZ1dG1fY2FtcGFpZ249UE9DS0VUX0hJVFMtRU4tREFJTFktUkVDUy0yMDIyXzEwXzI3JnNwb25zb3JlZD0wJnBvc2l0aW9uPTkmc2NoZWR1bGVkX2NvcnB1c19pdGVtX2lkPTc1ZDcyMTBhLTI4YmYtNDYwOC04YjJlLTIxYmE1NzBlZWI2NFcDc3BjQgpjTxOSWmMdmeRuUhBianBjanBAZ21haWwuY29tWAQAAAHM)

</div>

These true lifetime warranties allow you to replace or repair your stuff
if it ever breaks or wears out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Disappearing Art Of Maintenance \|
NOEMA](https://www.noemamag.com/the-disappearing-art-of-maintenance)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://noemamag.imgix.net/2022/09/brightliners.jpg?fit=crop&fm=pjpg&h=628&ixlib=php-3.3.1&w=1200&wpsize=noema-social-facebook&s=bc731f4ddb4d4e202126641b55be3c8e)](https://www.noemamag.com/the-disappearing-art-of-maintenance)

</div>

The noble but undervalued craft of maintenance could help preserve
modernity’s finest achievements, from public transit systems to power
grids, and serve as a useful framework for addressing climate change and
other pressing planetary constraints.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The magic of invisible
mending.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BeAmazed/comments/wmi8nz/the_magic_of_invisible_mending)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://external-preview.redd.it/h8CJEdBxuN82u6pgY4gjsjxqMuysiogWSz_r-4cRPfE.png?overlay-align=center,middle&overlay-height=25p&overlay=%2Fwatermark%2Fplay_button.png&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=92f302e4e59f8999b7f3da62a57e9ee169bd0109)](https://www.reddit.com/r/BeAmazed/comments/wmi8nz/the_magic_of_invisible_mending)

</div>

1.4K votes, 26 comments. 8.3M subscribers in the BeAmazed community. I
bet you will /r/BeAmazed! A place to find and share amazing things

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bricked Epson Printers Make a Strong Case For User Repairability -
Slashdot](https://hardware.slashdot.org/story/22/08/11/181230/bricked-epson-printers-make-a-strong-case-for-user-repairability)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://a.fsdn.com/sd/topics/printer_64.png)](https://hardware.slashdot.org/story/22/08/11/181230/bricked-epson-printers-make-a-strong-case-for-user-repairability)

</div>

Epson has gained some scrutiny in recent weeks after the company
disabled a printer that was otherwise working fine, leading to
accusations of planned obsolescence. Epson knows its printers will stop
working without simple maintenance at a predictable point in the future,
and it knows that it won't ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask a Repair Shop - Philip
Yurchuk](http://philip.yurchuk.com/software/buying-enterprise-software)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://philip.yurchuk.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/tools.jpeg)](http://philip.yurchuk.com/software/buying-enterprise-software)

</div>

This is the story of how you’re buying your enterprise software the
wrong way. Probably your appliances, too. This is an excerpt from
my guide, “Enterprise Software Confidential.” This post is also
available in Chinese thanks to Xu Zhi. Some years ago, I had a broken GE
washer. Pretty sure I knew the culprit, but if \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Repair Café - Fix Your Broken Items](https://repaircafe.org/en)

</div>

Repair Café is here to help you fix your broken items. Join our
community of skilled volunteers and get your belongings repaired in a
sustainable way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Repair is as important as
innovation](https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/10/20/repair-is-as-important-as-innovation)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.economist.com/img/b/1280/720/90/sites/default/files/images/2018/10/articles/main/20181020_fnp503.jpg)](https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/2018/10/20/repair-is-as-important-as-innovation)

</div>

Maintenance lacks the glamour of innovation—and is harder to measure

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why it’s so hard for a hospital in Tanzania to fix broken
incubators](https://restofworld.us20.list-manage.com/track/click?e=8b1f6e819d&id=598979ddde&u=c76200c89df50977d8e39d720)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149346090.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/GettyImages-1042767184-1600x900.jpg)](https://restofworld.us20.list-manage.com/track/click?e=8b1f6e819d&id=598979ddde&u=c76200c89df50977d8e39d720)

</div>

Medical device companies have used a range of tactics that have made
independent repairs harder, with devastating consequences.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Shady World of Repair Manuals: Copyrighting for Planned
Obsolescence
(2](https://www.wired.com/2012/11/cease-and-desist-manuals-planned-obsolescence)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.wired.com/photos/5932854aa312645844995905/191:100/w_1280,c_limit/repairmanualsobseletion.jpg)](https://www.wired.com/2012/11/cease-and-desist-manuals-planned-obsolescence)

</div>

Toshiba has discovered a new way to enforce such planned obsolescence by
cutting the repair market off from critical service information. But the
cost to society is significant: The e-waste problem is growing; we’re
losing thousands of domestic jobs as independent repair shops shut down;
and consumers are being forced to replace their hardware much frequently
than they should have to.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Does It Take to Keep a Classic Mainframe
Alive?](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/tech-history/space-age/what-does-it-take-to-keep-a-classic-mainframe-alive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://spectrum.ieee.org/media-library/the-vintage-ibm-1401-at-the-computer-history-museum.jpg?id=25587012&width=1200&height=600&coordinates=0%2C155%2C0%2C155)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/tech-history/space-age/what-does-it-take-to-keep-a-classic-mainframe-alive)

</div>

Follow the saga of the Computer History Museum's IBM 1401

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tractor Hacking: Watch Our Documentary About Farmers Fighting for the
Right to
Repair](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/pamkqn/watch-tractor-hacking-john-deere-right-to-repair-documentary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.vice.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2018/02/1518638074992-IMG_4793.jpeg?resize=2000,1500)](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/pamkqn/watch-tractor-hacking-john-deere-right-to-repair-documentary)

</div>

We went to Nebraska to meet the farmers fighting John Deere's repair
monopoly.

</div>

</div>
