<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# retail

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What If Dynamic Pricing Was Solely Used To Reduce Prices? -
RetailWire](https://retailwire.com/discussion/dynamic-pricing-reduce-prices/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/dynamic-pricing-Depositphotos_136278062_XL-1024x609.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/dynamic-pricing-reduce-prices/)

</div>

Dynamic pricing remains a hotly contested concept in retail,
particularly grocery. What if the pricing model was deployed solely to
the benefit of consumers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Do You Call the Corner
Store?](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/what-do-you-call-the-corner-store)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/_pSlkqVYcMakZrr-43fpVut175DkboBf0GWwCrgEmgU/rs:fill:780:520:1/g:ce/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy9hODI3ZDJjNjQ5/ZWRmNjc1N2VfMzAy/NjE5NzE1Nl9kOTI2/ZmUwZTY4X2IuanBn.jpg)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/what-do-you-call-the-corner-store)

</div>

Bodega, deli, offy, party store, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Merchandising Lessons from Top
Marketplaces](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/merchandising-lessons-from-top-marketplaces)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/Merchandising-Lessons-from-Top-Marketplaces.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/merchandising-lessons-from-top-marketplaces)

</div>

We analyze the home pages of 10 marketplaces to spot common
merchandising traits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Trade War Winner? The Booming Business of Returned
Products.](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/05/15/business/tariffs-returns-reverse-logistics.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2025/05/14/multimedia/14BIZ-SECONDHAND-01-lwjq/14BIZ-SECONDHAND-01-lwjq-facebookJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/05/15/business/tariffs-returns-reverse-logistics.html)

</div>

As retailers slow down orders for foreign goods because of tariffs,
companies that recirculate overstocked or returned items may help fill
the gap.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Are Product Images Vital for Brick-and-Mortar
Stores?](https://retail-focus.co.uk/are-product-images-vital-for-brick-and-mortar-stores/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retail-focus.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/4144-Woman-with-different-stylish-high-heeled-shoes-sitting-on-pouf-in-boutique-Depositphotos_660264750.jpg)](https://retail-focus.co.uk/are-product-images-vital-for-brick-and-mortar-stores/)

</div>

Regarding marketing and selling products to consumers, product imagery
is unquestionably one of the most important selling points. When
considering the prevalence and dominance of e-commerce and digital
shopping channels, traditional brick-and-mortar retail stores may
question where this leaves them. There is an argument to be made
regarding the benefits of seeing physical products up \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ecommerce and the Secondhand
Boom](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ecommerce-and-the-secondhand-boom)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/032025-featured-vintage-clothing.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ecommerce-and-the-secondhand-boom)

</div>

Culture, marketplaces, and economics contribute to consumer demand for
used clothing. Merchants can benefit.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The pandemic could have helped Barnes & Noble beat Amazon. That's not
what
happened](https://www.modernretail.co/retailers/the-pandemic-could-have-helped-barnes-noble-beat-amazon-thats-not-what-happened/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.modernretail.co/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2021/03/Screen-Shot-2021-03-12-at-1.50.22-PM.png?resize=1042,475)](https://www.modernretail.co/retailers/the-pandemic-could-have-helped-barnes-noble-beat-amazon-thats-not-what-happened/)

</div>

Barnes & Noble had invested significantly in revitalizing its physical
stores, and it wasn't ready to make the e-commerce jump.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[World in a Box: Cardboard Media and the Geographic
Imagination](https://placesjournal.org/article/social-history-of-the-cardboard-box/?src=longreads&cn-reloaded=1&cn-reloaded=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://placesjournal.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/mattern-01-cardboard.jpg)](https://placesjournal.org/article/social-history-of-the-cardboard-box/?src=longreads&cn-reloaded=1&cn-reloaded=1)

</div>

Cardboard boxes hold a world of meaning — a geography of consumption,
disposal, and reuse — that spans from Amazon to the Container
Corporation of America.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Returns Are a Headache. More Retailers Are Saying, Just ‘Keep
It.’](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/11/15/business/returns-online-shopping.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/11/17/business/17shoptalk-keep-it-illo/17shoptalk-keep-it-illo-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/11/15/business/returns-online-shopping.html)

</div>

In a survey, nearly 60 percent of retailers said they had policies that
refund customers for items that aren’t financially viable to send back.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Place authenticity’ is an important overlooked part of life \| Psyche
Ideas](https://psyche.co/ideas/place-authenticity-is-an-important-overlooked-part-of-life)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/4daf7c59-8df3-485c-80a7-44d77e87bae6/rt-final-gettyimages-1068729336.jpg)](https://psyche.co/ideas/place-authenticity-is-an-important-overlooked-part-of-life)

</div>

From indie bookshops to artisan cafes, spending time in unique,
characterful places can enrich your own sense of self

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retailers Locked Up Their Products—and Broke Shopping in
America](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2024-08-01/why-cvs-and-target-locking-up-products-is-backfiring?accessToken=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzb3VyY2UiOiJTdWJzY3JpYmVyR2lmdGVkQXJ0aWNsZSIsImlhdCI6MTcyMjUxOTY0MCwiZXhwIjoxNzIzMTI0NDQwLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOiJTSEpHMDNEV0xVNjgwMCIsImJjb25uZWN0SWQiOiI3MDQyN0U3REVGMkM0MDEzODNCNDUzRjAyNUE2NDc3NyJ9.kq5clHH4Qz6Fp999jOKTpv6qeLfvHbG1ORrbiAyev6c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iSLYssr.P69U/v0/1200x630.jpg)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2024-08-01/why-cvs-and-target-locking-up-products-is-backfiring?accessToken=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzb3VyY2UiOiJTdWJzY3JpYmVyR2lmdGVkQXJ0aWNsZSIsImlhdCI6MTcyMjUxOTY0MCwiZXhwIjoxNzIzMTI0NDQwLCJhcnRpY2xlSWQiOiJTSEpHMDNEV0xVNjgwMCIsImJjb25uZWN0SWQiOiI3MDQyN0U3REVGMkM0MDEzODNCNDUzRjAyNUE2NDc3NyJ9.kq5clHH4Qz6Fp999jOKTpv6qeLfvHbG1ORrbiAyev6c)

</div>

CVS, Target and other chains have barricaded everything from toiletries
to cleaning supplies. It’s backfired in almost every way.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Erewhon’s
Secrets](https://www.thecut.com/article/erewhon-smoothie-boston-los-angeles-history.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pyxis.nymag.com/v1/imgs/0ac/d25/82ab01a90fc497d43ed77c20dfd54ef6e2-erewhon-lede.1x.rsocial.w1200.jpg)](https://www.thecut.com/article/erewhon-smoothie-boston-los-angeles-history.html)

</div>

Japanese utopians. Corporate glow-ups. \$400 smoothies. The strange
history of the world’s most cultish grocery store.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[H-E-B
Forever](https://www.eater.com/2018/12/11/18133776/heb-texas-origin-cult-following)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/tUfof_sY-mxsnUYho1XGgXNV_pc=/0x65:1280x735/fit-in/1200x630/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/13615002/HEB_3.png)](https://www.eater.com/2018/12/11/18133776/heb-texas-origin-cult-following)

</div>

Nobody in America loves anything as much as Texans love H-E-B

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Bizarre Story of Piggly Wiggly, the First Self-Service Grocery
Store](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/bizarre-story-piggly-wiggly-first-self-service-grocery-store-180964708)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://th-thumbnailer.cdn-si-edu.com/qzUBeNz6HbpZpRz8zaxtiu6tR68=/fit-in/1600x0/https://tf-cmsv2-smithsonianmag-media.s3.amazonaws.com/filer/ce/db/cedb03fe-9277-49b9-a7c4-455896edcf60/piggly_wiggly_grocery_-_nara_-_280994.jpg)](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/bizarre-story-piggly-wiggly-first-self-service-grocery-store-180964708)

</div>

What's in a name?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Florida’s favorite grocery store seeks to be uncomplicated in a
complicated](https://www.vox.com/money/23862003/publix-fans-florida-politics-messi-grocery-store)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.vox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/24918404/Publix_Final_PaigeVickers.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C3.4613147178592%2C100%2C93.077370564282&w=1200)](https://www.vox.com/money/23862003/publix-fans-florida-politics-messi-grocery-store)

</div>

Could you build a company like Publix today?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Man Who’s Going to Save Your Neighborhood Grocery
Store](https://longreads.com/2019/04/23/the-man-whos-going-to-save-your-grocery-store)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://longreads.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/longreads-final-edit.jpg)](https://longreads.com/2019/04/23/the-man-whos-going-to-save-your-grocery-store)

</div>

American food supplies are increasingly channeled through a handful of
big companies: Amazon, Walmart, FreshDirect, Blue Apron. What do we lose
when local supermarkets go under? A lot -- and Kevin Kelley wants to
stop that.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Napoleon of Your Living
Room](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/06/08/business/rh-gary-friedman-luxury.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/06/05/multimedia/00Friedman-promo-fklq/00Friedman-promo-fklq-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/06/08/business/rh-gary-friedman-luxury.html)

</div>

Gary Friedman, who runs RH (formerly Restoration Hardware), is out to
conquer the world, one luxurious sofa at a time. Next stop, Waterloo?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Buc-ee’s gas stations became the unlikely champion of
EVs](https://www.fastcompany.com/91136248/how-bucees-gas-stations-became-the-unlikely-champion-of-evs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit,w_1024,h_1024/wp-cms-2/2024/06/p-1-91136248-buc-ees-ev-charing.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/91136248/how-bucees-gas-stations-became-the-unlikely-champion-of-evs)

</div>

At a time when many electric vehicle makers are pulling back, the cult
gas station brand is building out its EV charging infrastructure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Costco is building out an ad business using its shoppers’
data](https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2024/06/06/costco-is-building-out-an-ad-business-using-shopper-data)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/bl383u0v/production/e2db8d7e61148c48e8abc1e91457ac2848892f9f-5616x3744.jpg?rect=0,397,5616,2948&w=1200&h=630&q=70&fit=crop&auto=format)](https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2024/06/06/costco-is-building-out-an-ad-business-using-shopper-data)

</div>

The third-largest US retailer is planning on rolling out targeted ad
capabilities on and off its website.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Bargain Bin
Evolves](https://tedium.co/2024/06/01/daabin-bin-store-retail-ecommerce-returns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.tedium.co/uploads/tedium060124.gif)](https://tedium.co/2024/06/01/daabin-bin-store-retail-ecommerce-returns)

</div>

Thoughts on modern commerce from going to a bin store. It’s a place
where e-commerce returns go to die.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lawyer reveals why shoppers should avoid self-checkout kiosks at stores
and](https://www.good.is/lawyer-explains-the-risk-of-using-self-checkouts-at-stores)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d1uky1dtpry8e9.cloudfront.net/687966/uploads/4754ab30-fbce-11ee-99e4-958804fdc04d_800_420.jpeg)](https://www.good.is/lawyer-explains-the-risk-of-using-self-checkouts-at-stores)

</div>

Criminal defense lawyer Carrie Jernigan says that using self-checkouts
can be risky and might land you in jail.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The economics of dollar
stores](https://thehustle.co/the-economics-of-dollar-stores)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://20627419.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/20627419/The%20Hustle/Assets/GIFs/101479807-header2-3.webp)](https://thehustle.co/the-economics-of-dollar-stores)

</div>

A visual explainer of the numbers behind America’s ubiquitous
bargain-basement chains.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why are dollar stores a microcosm for America's shrinkflation
problem?](https://theweek.com/business/economy/dollar-stores-americas-shrinkflation-problem)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/QXExD93h3bQaRa4W7TEDmG-1200-80.jpg)](https://theweek.com/business/economy/dollar-stores-americas-shrinkflation-problem)

</div>

Recent reports have tapped dollar stores as the top offenders of
shrinkflation — even beyond grocery stores

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Dollar Stores Became Magnets for Crime and
Killing](https://www.propublica.org/article/how-dollar-stores-became-magnets-for-crime-and-killing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.assets-c3.propublica.org/images/articles/20200629-dollar-stores-lead-B-1200x630.jpg?crop=focalpoint&fit=crop&fp-x=0.5&fp-y=0.5&h=630&imgixProfile=propublicaAssets&q=90&w=1200&s=de8e304b247da6ad21c09ef844fb93c2)](https://www.propublica.org/article/how-dollar-stores-became-magnets-for-crime-and-killing)

</div>

Discount chains are thriving — while fostering violence and neglect in
poor communities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What’s new in visual
merchandising?](https://retail-focus.co.uk/whats-new-in-visual-merchandising)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retail-focus.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/VM3-1.jpg)](https://retail-focus.co.uk/whats-new-in-visual-merchandising)

</div>

Retailers have been using visual merchandising and props to draw in
customers for as long as shops have been open. Of course, things have
moved on a little from the early days of simple displays, with retailers
now having a whole arsenal of tools at their disposal to not only bring
in more consumers, but \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Hottest Restaurant in France Is an All-You-Can-Eat
Buffet](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2024/04/08/les-grands-buffets-and-the-art-of-all-you-can-eat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/66044df99bd0541d0ad75566/16:9/w_1280,c_limit/r44067.jpg)](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2024/04/08/les-grands-buffets-and-the-art-of-all-you-can-eat)

</div>

Les Grands Buffets features a seven-tiered lobster tower, a chocolate
fountain, and only what it considers traditional French food. Gourmands
are willing to wait months for a table.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why strip malls are having a
revival](https://www.audacy.com/wbbm780/news/national/why-strip-malls-are-having-a-revival)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.radio.com/aiu-media/GettyImages52947933-d3cab95e-3a18-49c9-a362-f94931177354.jpg)](https://www.audacy.com/wbbm780/news/national/why-strip-malls-are-having-a-revival)

</div>

As shopping malls across America struggle to attract customers, fill
floor space and ultimately stay open, strip malls are apparently seeing
a surge in value and popularity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Back to Basics: How to operate a successful private label
brand](https://www.cstoredive.com/news/back-to-basics-how-to-operate-a-successful-private-label-brand/696573)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.cstoredive.com/imgproxy/Bjw2gAoiYYJpXzlF-Mx7y7O1Zitn7wA3sMGqa50MOpY/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlLzdFODBENjBGLTNGRDQtNDNFRC1CMEU3LUJBNkE1ODc4REY5Q18xXzEwNV9jXzEuanBlZw==.webp)](https://www.cstoredive.com/news/back-to-basics-how-to-operate-a-successful-private-label-brand/696573)

</div>

Proprietary items work best if retailers differentiate them through
either cost or innovation and are thoughtful about choosing categories,
experts say.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Trader Joe's: The
Anti-Grocer](https://www.readtrung.com/p/trader-joes-the-anti-grocer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F01029c54-8769-488a-8b3b-2e471187bd2f_1500x1001.jpeg)](https://www.readtrung.com/p/trader-joes-the-anti-grocer)

</div>

The grocer created a cult brand with sales of \$16B+ a year by doing the
opposite of industry best-practices (from wages to product to ads).

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Revolutionary culinary collective Ghetto Gastro is bringing its goods
to
Ta](https://www.fastcompany.com/90930203/revolutionary-culinary-collective-ghetto-gastro-is-bringing-its-goods-to-target?partner=rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2023/07/p-1-90930203-ghetto-gastro.gif)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90930203/revolutionary-culinary-collective-ghetto-gastro-is-bringing-its-goods-to-target?partner=rss)

</div>

Starting today, you can pick up Ghetto Gastro's new food goods at
Target.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ohio toy store becoming one of the largest in the
country](https://spectrumnews1.com/oh/columbus/news/2023/06/09/ohio-toy-store-becoming-one-of-the-largest-in-the-country)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s7d2.scene7.com/is/image/TWCNews/Toy-Department6_0609_Ohio)](https://spectrumnews1.com/oh/columbus/news/2023/06/09/ohio-toy-store-becoming-one-of-the-largest-in-the-country)

</div>

The Toy Department is opening a new location.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dollar General has racked up \$21M in OSHA penalties since 2017. It’s
paid
\$](https://www.retaildive.com/news/dollar-general-osha-worker-safety-violations-unpaid-fines/654353)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/UjGcbH0pV203HN5mM9EaJXZ9TdpD0k-JUC2bZKsU9-g/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL0RvbGxhcl9HZW5lcmFsX3N0b3JlZnJvbnRfbmlnaHR0aW1lLmpwZw==.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/dollar-general-osha-worker-safety-violations-unpaid-fines/654353)

</div>

The retailer discounts the importance of in-store safety, the regulatory
agency says, and was named a severe violator this fall.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Should Print Circulars Stay or
Go?](https://retailwire.com/discussion/should-print-circulars-stay-or-go)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/grocery-cart-iStock-monticelllo.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/should-print-circulars-stay-or-go)

</div>

Kroger is following in the footsteps of Giant Eagle, attempting to phase
out its print inserts in newspapers and mailed to homes in favor of
digital alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail and Shopping: Vintage Photos Show How People Shopped in the
1960s
an](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/shopping-vintage-photos-1960s-and-1970s)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/shopping-vintage-photos-1960s-and-1970s-small.jpg)](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/shopping-vintage-photos-1960s-and-1970s)

</div>

The 1960s and 1970s were a time of significant change in the world, and
the shopping and retail culture of these decades reflected this social
transformation.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[As Dollar Stores Proliferate, Some Communities Say
No](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/03/01/business/dollar-stores-rejected.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2023/03/03/multimedia/00DollarStores-01-plkv/00DollarStores-01-plkv-largeHorizontalJumbo-v2.jpg?year=2023&h=820&w=1024&s=5b0a11f5b38e8e12e4ad6b1cda3ba53b4220d65316498ae20d98bd754b10ce67&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/03/01/business/dollar-stores-rejected.html)

</div>

More than 70 proposed dollar stores have been rejected since 2019, a
report shows. It’s a small number compared with those that opened but
evidence of opposition to the industry.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Can We Learn from Barnes & Noble's Surprising
Turnaround?](https://tedgioia.substack.com/p/what-can-we-learn-from-barnes-and)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fc0b32e6a-0ac5-454d-8f6f-3a241a948253_770x364.jpeg)](https://tedgioia.substack.com/p/what-can-we-learn-from-barnes-and)

</div>

Digital platforms are struggling, meanwhile a 136-year-old book retailer
is growing again. But why?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GoodwillFinds.com gives shoppers more reasons to feel good about buying
sec](https://retailwire.com/discussion/goodwillfinds-com-gives-shoppers-more-reasons-to-feel-good-about-buying-secondhand)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/goodwillfinds-product-page-on-laptop-666x333-1.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/goodwillfinds-com-gives-shoppers-more-reasons-to-feel-good-about-buying-secondhand)

</div>

A new recommerce venture offers all of the benefits of buying second
hand plus a means to help fund social service programs in local
communities, such as job training and youth mentorship. Do you see
retailers trying to raise the visibility of their secondhand offerings
in light of rising prices?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Fast Food Is Racing to Ditch the Dining
Room](https://slate.com/business/2022/09/fast-food-drive-thru-mobile-ordering-mcdonalds-taco-bell-starbucks-dunkin.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://compote.slate.com/images/cc897cff-c346-4683-9fa8-b6ba8af12fa1.png?width=1560)](https://slate.com/business/2022/09/fast-food-drive-thru-mobile-ordering-mcdonalds-taco-bell-starbucks-dunkin.html)

</div>

America traded eating out for ordering ahead during the pandemic—and
chains noticed.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The American Mall's Long Goodbye - The Sunday Long
Read](https://sundaylongread.com/2022/09/09/the-american-malls-long-goodbye)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://sundaylongread.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/2429062331_9d1db3dc0f_o.jpeg)](https://sundaylongread.com/2022/09/09/the-american-malls-long-goodbye)

</div>

As painful as it might be for millennials like myself to admit, malls
are now viewed through historians' rear-view mirrors.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Salvage stores achieve sales growth by selling ‘unsellable’
goods](https://retailwire.com/discussion/salvage-stores-achieve-sales-growth-by-selling-unsellable-goods)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://retailwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/stretch-a-buck-fb-deal-photos-666x333-1.jpg)](https://retailwire.com/discussion/salvage-stores-achieve-sales-growth-by-selling-unsellable-goods)

</div>

In an inflationary era when customers are increasingly strapped for cash
and hunting for discounts, a category of ultra-low-priced grocers that
sell the unsellable is growing in popularity. Do you expect mainstream
grocers to change their protocols for "unsellable" CPG items if
inflation persists?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Vending machines will sell you (almost)
anything](https://expmag.com/2022/08/vending-machines-will-sell-you-almost-anything)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://expmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/vending-resized.jpg)](https://expmag.com/2022/08/vending-machines-will-sell-you-almost-anything)

</div>

Eggs, champagne, underwear, hats for your cat. Here’s why “unattended
retail” is taking off — especially with Gen Z.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The hidden makers of Costco’s Kirkland Signature and Trader Joe’s O’s
\| CNN
Business](https://www.cnn.com/2022/08/06/business/costco-kirkland-signature-trader-joes-store-brands/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/220804163056-restricted-01-store-brands-history-trader-joes.jpg?c=16x9&q=w_800,c_fill)](https://www.cnn.com/2022/08/06/business/costco-kirkland-signature-trader-joes-store-brands/index.html)

</div>

Store brands are shrouded in secrecy. Who makes them?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Very Sincere Economics of Greeting
Cards](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-very-sincere-economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fmelmagazine.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2020%2F02%2FGreeting_Cards.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-very-sincere-economics-of-greeting-cards)

</div>

Believe it or not, the biggest demographic driving the greeting card
industry is millennials.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This is the last Sears for hundreds of miles. What can it tell us about
the](https://www.retaildive.com/news/last-sears-maryland-dying-malls/627785)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/R8LogPX2A6yUuDvoYJ9ZLnp3-Y3H2i6D2xBm1pi32Lw/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL0lNR185MDgwLkpQRw==.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/last-sears-maryland-dying-malls/627785)

</div>

The department store in Maryland is sparsely merchandised and low on
traffic. Senior Reporter Ben Unglesbee takes a look inside to see how
retail has changed since the heyday of malls.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail’s ‘Dark Side’: As Inventory Piles Up, Liquidation Warehouses Are
Busy (Published
2022)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/30/business/retail-returns-liquidation.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2022/07/27/business/00liquidators-01/00liquidators-01-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2022&h=683&w=1024&s=29ad4af2210561d9d7288beffb04a7d300f0c8045626b1ff5508a37e17181bad&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/30/business/retail-returns-liquidation.html)

</div>

Consumers are buying fewer discretionary goods and returning more. To
clear their shelves, retailers are selling to liquidators at steep
discounts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pdf retail ux
playbook](https://services.google.com/fh/files/events/pdf_retail_ux_playbook.pdf?authuser=0)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Where Should We Build a Mall? The Formation of Market Structure and Its
Effect on
Sales](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/where-should-we-build-a-mall-the-formation-of-market-structure-and-its-effect-on-sales)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/PublishingImages/social/hbswk_260.jpg)](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/where-should-we-build-a-mall-the-formation-of-market-structure-and-its-effect-on-sales)

</div>

This research by Doug J. Chung, Kyoungwon Seo, and Reo Song bprovides a
rigorous, yet practical, framework to understand and evaluate why retail
stores join a shopping mall and how their decisions affect mall revenue.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nobody likes self-checkout. Here’s why it’s everywhere \| CNN
Business](https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/09/business/self-checkout-retail/index.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.cnn.com/api/v1/images/stellar/prod/200713163540-kroger-store-checkout-file-restricted.jpg?c=16x9&q=w_800,c_fill)](https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/09/business/self-checkout-retail/index.html)

</div>

Why has this problematic, unloved technology taken over retail?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Payless punks fashionistas by opening a fake luxury store and inviting
them to comment on its 'designer'
shoes](https://boingboing.net/2018/11/29/payless-punks-fashionistas-by.html/amp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Screen-Shot-2018-11-28-at-11.33.35-AM.png?fit=685%2C441&ssl=1)](https://boingboing.net/2018/11/29/payless-punks-fashionistas-by.html/amp)

</div>

Bargain shoe chain Payless recently took over a Santa Monica retail shop
and turned it into Palessi, a luxury store selling their bargain shoes.
Then they invited influencers to the…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Do Dollar Stores Make
Money?](https://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/budgeting/dollar-store.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.hswstatic.com/eyJidWNrZXQiOiJjb250ZW50Lmhzd3N0YXRpYy5jb20iLCJrZXkiOiJnaWZcL2RvbGxhci1zdG9yZXMtMS5qcGciLCJlZGl0cyI6eyJyZXNpemUiOnsid2lkdGgiOiIxMjAwIn19fQ==)](https://money.howstuffworks.com/personal-finance/budgeting/dollar-store.htm)

</div>

In good times and bad, dollar stores seem to thrive. But how are they
are able to make so much money selling things so cheaply?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Makes Shoppers Click? A Lesson in E-Commerce Consumer Psychology
(INFOGRAPHIC) - Conversion
Sciences](http://conversionsciences.com/blog/makes-shoppers-click-infographic)

</div>

Consumers have access to all kinds of buyer information on-line. So what
is it that makes them click?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Procter & Gamble Is More Disruptive Than
You](https://medium.com/@kavinstewart/why-procter-gamble-is-more-disruptive-than-you-613c3aba3811#.epcp5n4h4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*CdahsSdz_97BN7KKqEYU8A.png)](https://medium.com/@kavinstewart/why-procter-gamble-is-more-disruptive-than-you-613c3aba3811#.epcp5n4h4)

</div>

When people in tech talk about disruption and customer development, the
typical picture that pops to mind is a couple of plucky young…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Your eCommerce Business Should Have a Pop-Up
Shop](https://readwrite.com/2019/04/25/why-your-ecommerce-business-should-have-a-pop-up-shop)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://readwrite.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Why-Your-eCommerce-Business-Should-Have-a-Pop-Up-Shop.jpg)](https://readwrite.com/2019/04/25/why-your-ecommerce-business-should-have-a-pop-up-shop)

</div>

Ecommerce is booming, and there’s no doubt about that. The numbers speak
for themselves. After all, in 2017, ecommerce sales reached \$2.3
trillion, and

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[1980 Sears Spring Summer Catalog, Page 729 - Catalogs &
Wishbooks](https://christmas.musetechnical.com/ShowCatalogPage/1980-Sears-Spring-Summer-Catalog/0729)

</div>

1980 Sears Spring Summer Catalog, Page 729

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Outlandish Story Of Ollie’s: A \$5 Billion Retail Empire That Sells
Nothing Online (But Is Beating
Amazon)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2019/04/01/the-outlandish-story-of-ollies-a-5-billion-retail-empire-that-sells-nothing-online-but-is-beating-amazon)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://imageio.forbes.com/specials-images/imageserve/5c9cf0b74bbe6f055176f648/0x0.jpg?format=jpg&height=900&width=1600&fit=bounds)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2019/04/01/the-outlandish-story-of-ollies-a-5-billion-retail-empire-that-sells-nothing-online-but-is-beating-amazon)

</div>

Ollie’s is very possibly the only company in America whose
brick-and-mortar stores are not just surviving but thriving.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why You’re Never Really Happy With the Things You Buy
Anymore](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-you-re-never-really-happy-with-the-things-you-buy-anymore)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fpocket-syndicated-images%2Farticles%2F3345%2F1582045587_GUR66LXZ5T77CHCPZRUCXU4WIE.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/why-you-re-never-really-happy-with-the-things-you-buy-anymore)

</div>

Constant bargain hunting makes us value all the wrong things about
shopping.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Surprising Findings About How People Actually Buy Clothes and
Shoes](https://hbr.org/2018/06/5-surprising-findings-about-how-people-actually-buy-clothes-and-shoes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/05/Jun18_5_131667340.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/06/5-surprising-findings-about-how-people-actually-buy-clothes-and-shoes)

</div>

Retail has been constantly reinventing itself, and participants race to
keep up with what feels like a series of epic shifts in consumer
preferences. To get a clearer, more-complete picture, we studied the
actual decisions made by 1,500 apparel and footwear shoppers in the
United States. Our five most surprising findings: shopping is not yet
truly omnichannel; when consumers buy online, they purchase more; online
journeys take longer than in-store; brand stores and website generate
higher spend than multibrand stores; and, very often, consumers just
want to buy new versions of an item they already own.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

['The most effective technology is technology that no one sees': Lowe's
CEO](https://www.retaildive.com/news/the-most-effective-technology-is-technology-that-no-one-sees-lowes-ceo/593687)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/V5Btq7_rH9xQaHBTzWdENZJtKSnw-m78jkO4Juwgsbw/g:nowe:0:118/c:1294:731/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL2xvd2Vzc3RvcmVmcm9udC5wbmc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/the-most-effective-technology-is-technology-that-no-one-sees-lowes-ceo/593687)

</div>

Coming out of a banner year, Marvin Ellison discusses how initiatives
put in place years ago contributed to the retailer's success.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Instant gratification: The neuroscience of impulse
buying](https://bigthink.com/neuropsych/impulse-buying)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bigthink.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/135198-135199.jpg?resize=1200,630)](https://bigthink.com/neuropsych/impulse-buying)

</div>

Our brains did not evolve to shop on Amazon.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The \$2 Billion Mall
Rats](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-2-billion-mall-rats)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hips.hearstapps.com/hmg-prod/images/index-1606325052.jpg?crop=1.00xw:1.00xh;0,0&resize=1200:*)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-2-billion-mall-rats)

</div>

The inside story of a black sheep hedge fund, a massive bet that
shopping malls would crash, and how they proved Wall Street wrong.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Peek Inside the World's Greatest Record
Store](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/arts-culture/dont-call-it-doo-wop-180977950?fbclid=IwAR3y7X1kCvNokUZgmHvavpfztGN5Bbd3v8-LifMtKyyVoEjgSJQOZFjeU3Y)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://th-thumbnailer.cdn-si-edu.com/9flnvvGdr4yIbwZvbFwSntWZTms=/fit-in/1600x0/https://tf-cmsv2-smithsonianmag-media.s3.amazonaws.com/filer/fa/e6/fae61101-c6ac-4d8d-a1a8-a49c4ddcf0ce/social_opener.jpg)](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/arts-culture/dont-call-it-doo-wop-180977950?fbclid=IwAR3y7X1kCvNokUZgmHvavpfztGN5Bbd3v8-LifMtKyyVoEjgSJQOZFjeU3Y)

</div>

A lovable grouch, obsessed with the magic of American sidewalk harmony,
runs the Philadelphia shop

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The unique culture of Japanese convenience stores - BBC
Travel](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20190610-the-unique-culture-of-japanese-convenience-stores)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p07cjnfb.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20190610-the-unique-culture-of-japanese-convenience-stores)

</div>

The true star of the Akutagawa Prize-winning novel Convenience Store
Woman is the convenience store itself. But what is it that makes these
shops so magical?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Japanese vending machines: the cutting edge of merchandising … and on
the
b](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2021/07/10/national/media-national/japanese-vending-machines-cutting-edge-merchandising)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/uploads/imported_images/uploads/2021/07/np_file_98040.jpeg?v=3.1)](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2021/07/10/national/media-national/japanese-vending-machines-cutting-edge-merchandising)

</div>

Media reports focusing on Japan's quirky vending machine culture dive
into what new items are on offer and the risk they face due to
competition from convenience stores.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SKU rationalization helps Bed Bath & Beyond achieve 95% in-stock
level](https://www.supplychaindive.com/news/bed-bath-beyond-in-stock-inventory-erp-sku-technology-forecasting/602871)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.supplychaindive.com/imgproxy/PSi-2v3WVPA_zYePPLuhpDstKl9JiqrAHeyLzHh9gdQ/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL0dldHR5SW1hZ2VzLTExNzg4MjM3NjIuanBn.webp)](https://www.supplychaindive.com/news/bed-bath-beyond-in-stock-inventory-erp-sku-technology-forecasting/602871)

</div>

The company expects to improve its inventory management even further as
it overhauls its technology stack with a new ERP and forecasting system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is a store
worth?](https://qz.com/2006729/how-do-you-measure-a-stores-value-in-the-age-of-e-commerce)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.kinja-img.com/image/upload/c_fill,h_675,pg_1,q_80,w_1200/5ce0ec3c68956fe04d25ddf486163c81.jpg)](https://qz.com/2006729/how-do-you-measure-a-stores-value-in-the-age-of-e-commerce)

</div>

Retailers who want to measure the full value of their physical stores
need to consider factors in addition to in-store sales.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How A Retail Chain Without A Website Powered Through The
Pandemic](https://www.npr.org/2021/02/17/968666255/how-a-retail-chain-without-a-website-powered-through-the-pandemic)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2021/02/17/gettyimages-1252249653_wide-5d6b13d7533ba741eee3b5d98aec4b536acc8390.jpg?s=1400&c=100&f=jpeg)](https://www.npr.org/2021/02/17/968666255/how-a-retail-chain-without-a-website-powered-through-the-pandemic)

</div>

Burlington shut down online sales in March right before coronavirus
lockdowns. But it's among the discount retailers that have endured the
pandemic surprisingly well, even opening new stores.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Dollar Store Backlash Has
Begun](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-dollar-store-backlash-has-begun)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fpocket-syndicated-images%2Farticles%2F1141%2F1567207288_direct.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-dollar-store-backlash-has-begun)

</div>

The U.S. has added 10,000 of these budget retail outlets since 2001. But
some towns and cities are trying to push back.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Next Phase of the Retail Apocalypse: Stores Reborn as E-Commerce
Warehouses](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-next-phase-of-the-retail-apocalypse-stores-reborn-as-e-commerce-warehouses-11595044859?mod=djemalertNEWS)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.wsj.net/im-210534/social)](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-next-phase-of-the-retail-apocalypse-stores-reborn-as-e-commerce-warehouses-11595044859?mod=djemalertNEWS)

</div>

As the demand for in-person shopping diminishes, landlords, startups and
retailers are converting abandoned stores into online fulfillment
centers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[the-high-price-of-dollar-stores \| Babson
College](https://www.babson.edu/academics/executive-education/babson-insight/strategy-and-innovation/the-high-price-of-dollar-stores)

</div>

Learn to build and maintain strong corporate innovation programs via
innovation training and innovation infrastructure, with in-person and
online innovation courses and advising.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using K-Means to detect changes in a retail store \| Towards Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-k-means-to-detect-changes-in-a-retail-store-96af1476dd9f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*l0qtcDYgfenycwLQ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-k-means-to-detect-changes-in-a-retail-store-96af1476dd9f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Unsupervised techniques to identify changes in the behavior

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Tuesday Morning went
bankrupt](https://www.retaildive.com/news/how-tuesday-morning-went-bankrupt/578749)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/4KfqGi6PLGTw2V7MoROMlkulqg0WqjWBhfM4o_cnq-g/g:nowe:0:362/c:1937:1094/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL1R1ZXNkYXlfTW9ybmluZ18tX0hpbGxzYm9yb19PcmVnb24uanBn.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/how-tuesday-morning-went-bankrupt/578749)

</div>

After more than 45 years as an off-pricer, the retailer hit the skids
when COVID-19 forced its doors shut and zeroed out revenue. Now it hopes
to slim down in Chapter 11.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Complete guide to machine learning and deep learning in
retail](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-guide-to-machine-learning-and-deep-learning-in-retail-ca4e05639806?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:934/1*PGLcdiGi5f0PdnkxNpcPvw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/complete-guide-to-machine-learning-and-deep-learning-in-retail-ca4e05639806?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The stores aren’t dead yet

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How ceramics brand East Fork transitioned to a pre-sale only
model](https://www.modernretail.co/startups/how-ceramics-brand-east-fork-transitioned-to-a-pre-sale-only-model)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.modernretail.co/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2020/05/eastfork.png)](https://www.modernretail.co/startups/how-ceramics-brand-east-fork-transitioned-to-a-pre-sale-only-model)

</div>

2020 was the year East Fork ceramics planned to become profitable. Now,
that's likely no longer on the table, but the company is using a new
model to better handle its balance sheet: pre-sales. Now, new product
lines will all be for sale before they're manufactured, as a way to get
capital in as early as possible.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The unsung customer-loyalty hero? The post-purchase
experience](https://www.retaildive.com/spons/the-unsung-customer-loyalty-hero-the-post-purchase-experience/574764)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/_Qmp0GYHfEd49YCKBl0IXuQBejzXaTlhyW-GmPMr2ww/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL01ldGFwYWNrX0Jhbm5lcl9JbWFnZS5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/spons/the-unsung-customer-loyalty-hero-the-post-purchase-experience/574764)

</div>

See how brands can re-imagine the post-purchase experience to create
loyal customers globally.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Retail Analytics: A Novel and Intuitive way of finding Substitutes and
Comp](https://towardsdatascience.com/retail-analytics-a-novel-and-intuitive-way-of-finding-substitutes-and-complements-c99790800b42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1000/0*Ss_sQO1f20OzZNaz)](https://towardsdatascience.com/retail-analytics-a-novel-and-intuitive-way-of-finding-substitutes-and-complements-c99790800b42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Retail Analytics: Data Science for Retail

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Costco is refreshingly
boring](https://theweek.com/articles/896981/costco-refreshingly-boring)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/t9vRrzBweErfEMYWhRfPmB-1200-80.jpg)](https://theweek.com/articles/896981/costco-refreshingly-boring)

</div>

The company's values used to just be considered good business sense. Not
anymore.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Restoration Hardware Sends Catalogs the Size of a
Toddler](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/03/why-restoration-hardware-sends-catalogs-the-size-of-a-toddler/605524)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/thumbor/oIwGLLgU80ATFLgn2trJ_6F5jLI=/0x80:2000x1122/1200x625/media/img/2020/02/anim/original.gif)](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/03/why-restoration-hardware-sends-catalogs-the-size-of-a-toddler/605524)

</div>

The surprising persistence of the mail-order business

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Never Mind the Internet. Here’s What’s Killing
Malls.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/13/business/not-internet-really-killing-malls.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2020/02/16/business/16VIEW/16VIEW-largeHorizontalJumbo.gif?year=2020&h=683&w=1024&s=8596a79d6901b39b23182ef3dc22bc443ea04993932263190dd862ddcf28b2ea&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/13/business/not-internet-really-killing-malls.html)

</div>

Yes, the internet has changed the way we shop. But taken together, other
factors have caused greater harm to traditional retail stores, an
economist says.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why it only costs \$10k to ‘own’ a Chick-fil-A
franchise](http://thehustle.co/why-it-only-costs-10k-to-own-a-chick-fil-a-franchise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://20627419.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/20627419/The%20Hustle/Assets/GIFs/98998608-header-2-1.webp)](http://thehustle.co/why-it-only-costs-10k-to-own-a-chick-fil-a-franchise)

</div>

In the U.S, the majority of fast-food restaurants aren’t owned by the
corporation itself, but by franchises who pay for the right to use a
brand name. A Chick-fil-a franchise fee is only \$10K!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A 2020 guide to smart
discounting](https://www.retaildive.com/news/a-2020-guide-to-smart-discounting/569135)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/3bQhLoYbnxw3VZJhyLxOHnsdBA_5iot29Tg-qdVheuE/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL0dldHR5SW1hZ2VzLTUwMjQ3NzEzMi5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/a-2020-guide-to-smart-discounting/569135)

</div>

Polly Wong, managing partner at Belardi Wong, offers tips for crafting
customer offers while avoiding discount fatigue and harm to the bottom
line.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Ode to the Video Store Chain, on the Occasion of Blockbuster’s
Demise](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/an-ode-to-the-video-store-chain-on-the-occasion-of-blockbuster-s-demise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://txmo-server.imgix.net/2018/01/Blockbuster-closing118.jpg?auto=compress&crop=faces&fit=fit&h=781&ixlib=php-3.0.0&q=45&w=1250&s=a0bf3a657287845092e3a841c1c325d6)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/an-ode-to-the-video-store-chain-on-the-occasion-of-blockbuster-s-demise)

</div>

Ah, video stores, where viewers—and cinephile clerks—got to develop
eclectic tastes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet the man keeping America's dead malls
alive](https://theweek.com/articles/859739/meet-man-keeping-americas-dead-malls-alive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/QTqHbCdsUBH8ueFJNfvKAR-1200-80.jpg)](https://theweek.com/articles/859739/meet-man-keeping-americas-dead-malls-alive)

</div>

Is there hope for our once-beloved social and commercial centers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Online Merchandising Hacks to Increase
Profits](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/4-online-merchandising-hacks-to-increase-profits)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/4-Merchandising-Hacks-to-Increase-Profits.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/4-online-merchandising-hacks-to-increase-profits)

</div>

Retailers seek to avoid markdowns and sell out of the season at full
margin, but it isn’t easy to predict how much inventory to acquire. In
this post, I'll address four online merchandising tactics that balance
consumer demand with inventory levels, to maximize profits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amazon is a boring retailer — Benedict
Evans](https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2019/7/26/amazon-as-experiment)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/50363cf324ac8e905e7df861/5d23b492d50aa10001e2a918/5d23b4924b382a0001468379/1718919971627/D1ZGB3OV4AAKv0f.jpg?format=1500w)](https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2019/7/26/amazon-as-experiment)

</div>

Amazon is so new, and so dramatic in its speed and scale and aggression,
that we can easily forget how many of the things it’s doing are actually
very old.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The tiny video store that survived
Netflix](https://thehustle.co/the-tiny-video-store-that-survived-netflix)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://20627419.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/20627419/The%20Hustle/Assets/GIFs/1565694476-header-2-1.webp)](https://thehustle.co/the-tiny-video-store-that-survived-netflix)

</div>

In the wake of an algorithm-led video store apocalypse, Captain Video
stays afloat by offering a rarity: human interaction.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The inherent value of identifiable store
traffic](https://www.retaildive.com/news/the-inherent-value-of-identifiable-store-traffic/555478)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/rkSWer3mfeJvlv0kcPIuRK1eLBdr8A8g19wN_bBxLNk/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlL1Nob3BwaW5nXzEwMDBzaHV0dGVyc3RvY2tfNzU2MDE4NDMzLmpwZw==.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/the-inherent-value-of-identifiable-store-traffic/555478)

</div>

Many attributes of the customer journey are very predictable and can be
planned for to create and convert inbound store footfall.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Dollar Tree has struggled to grow Family
Dollar](https://digiday.com/retail/dollar-tree-struggled-grow-family-dollar)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/03/familydollar.jpg)](https://digiday.com/retail/dollar-tree-struggled-grow-family-dollar)

</div>

Dollar Tree has struggled to grow Family Dollar because of its different
business model.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Aldi effect: how one discount supermarket transformed the way
Britain
s](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2019/mar/05/long-read-aldi-discount-supermarket-changed-britain-shopping)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/4c7cf8f1d16bcc4785c30b541d3f1395530c00de/0_0_3673_2204/master/3673.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctYWdlLTIwMTkucG5n&enable=upscale&s=3e1cd64902c2d35cab973e53d76c5d8f)](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2019/mar/05/long-read-aldi-discount-supermarket-changed-britain-shopping)

</div>

The long read: When Aldi arrived in Britain, Tesco and Sainsbury’s were
sure they had nothing to worry about. Three decades later, they know
better

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[They turn deals into dollars, raiding clearance aisles and reselling it
all](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/flesh-and-blood-robots-for-amazon-they-raid-clearance-aisles-and-resell-it-all-online-for-a-profit/2019/02/08/f71bff72-2a60-11e9-984d-9b8fba003e81_story.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/RHB4I7BDZQI6TNNUDUMN7N5QQQ.jpg&w=1440)](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/flesh-and-blood-robots-for-amazon-they-raid-clearance-aisles-and-resell-it-all-online-for-a-profit/2019/02/08/f71bff72-2a60-11e9-984d-9b8fba003e81_story.html)

</div>

How one family plans to make \$150,000 this year with retail arbitrage

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best Buy’s Secrets for Thriving in the Amazon Age (Published
2017)](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/18/business/best-buy-amazon.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/09/19/business/19ROOSE/19ROOSE-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg?year=2017&h=683&w=1024&s=9a2b4efbc8b5e5c4875b4a42ca27a492452f83b9ca56698b35bd1ef043777458&k=ZQJBKqZ0VN)](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/18/business/best-buy-amazon.html)

</div>

Hubert Joly, Best Buy’s chief executive, has reshaped nearly every
aspect of the business. He explains the playbook behind the company’s
success.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Business school grads and quants are winning the battle to create the
next](https://techcrunch.com/2018/09/12/business-school-grads-and-quants-are-winning-the-battle-to-create-the-next-pg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/9346328949_b1ee0c98db_b.jpg?w=1024)](https://techcrunch.com/2018/09/12/business-school-grads-and-quants-are-winning-the-battle-to-create-the-next-pg)

</div>

These days my Instagram feed feels more like QVC than a social network.
And many of these companies are enjoying tremendous success pitching
natural deodorants, unique underwear, creative candles, glam glasses,
stunning shoes -- all manner of well-crafted microbrands. We’re
witnessing a cambrian explosion of new consumer startups.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Forever 21 visual search tool boosted purchase value by
20%](https://www.retaildive.com/news/forever-21-visual-search-tool-boosted-purchase-value-by-20/530770)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/RsIpBNTalamsgx8XNgc0F8ov2Rtz3yby5jQnJm64-gg/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlLzMzODk2NjcyODE0XzE3OTU1ZDUzNmVfby5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/forever-21-visual-search-tool-boosted-purchase-value-by-20/530770)

</div>

The fast-fashion retailer has debuted, and quickly expanded, an AI-based
visual search and navigation tool for its mobile and e-commerce
business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside the 20-year decline of Toys R
Us](https://www.retaildive.com/news/inside-the-20-year-decline-of-toys-r-us/526364)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.retaildive.com/imgproxy/XxSuF1dI_hI5ZSu6bxaP32Tx9gy9LSDlCzQ-8cZfoas/g:ce/rs:fit:770:435/bG9jYWw6Ly8vZGl2ZWltYWdlLzE2OTk4MjA3MDg5XzAwYzkwNTNmMWNfby5qcGc=.webp)](https://www.retaildive.com/news/inside-the-20-year-decline-of-toys-r-us/526364)

</div>

Cost cuts, stressed employees, intercompany rivalries, dirty floors,
dusty rafters, glitchy IT, fudged metrics: The people who ran the failed
toy retailer's stores know what went wrong.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Marketing Lessons from Opening a Brick-and-mortar
Store](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/4-marketing-lessons-opening-brick-mortar-store)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/111417-vibram-featured.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/4-marketing-lessons-opening-brick-mortar-store)

</div>

Lessons learned from opening a brick-and-mortar retail store may apply
to online merchants, providing insights about promoting products,
driving sales,

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[America’s ‘Retail Apocalypse’ Is Really Just
Beginning](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-retail-debt)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-retail-debt/img/2017-retail-debt-facebook.png)](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-retail-debt)

</div>

The spillover from retailer debt will flow far and wide across the
economy.

</div>

</div>
