<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# rituals

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[... and why they're worth billions to
businesses.](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201603/3-reasons-why-brand-specific-rituals-are-so-powerful)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn2.psychologytoday.com/assets/styles/manual_crop_16_9_1200x675/public/field_blog_entry_teaser_image/Oreo%20Cookies%20by%20Janine%20Flickr%20Licensed%20Under%20CC%20BY%202.0_0.jpg?itok=fkLb5jYd)](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201603/3-reasons-why-brand-specific-rituals-are-so-powerful)

</div>

Brand marketers encourage ritualistic behaviors involving their products
to increase customer loyalty and to gain advantage over competitors.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The secret to long-lasting connection? Shared
rituals](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20241218-michael-nortons-rituals-key-to-connection-family?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p0kcsy29.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20241218-michael-nortons-rituals-key-to-connection-family?ocid=global_future_rss)

</div>

Michael Norton has spent decades studying why human relationships last.
Sharing rituals – from a clink of a glass to Christmas Day traditions –
have a powerful positive effect.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Surprising Psychology That Makes Starbucks’ Pumpkin Spice Latte
Irresistible](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/10/16/the-surprising-psychology-that-makes-starbucks-pumpkin-spice-latte-irresistible/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.choicehacking.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Copy-of-Choice-Hacking-Podcast-Social-Image-Client-Logos-21.png)](https://www.choicehacking.com/2024/10/16/the-surprising-psychology-that-makes-starbucks-pumpkin-spice-latte-irresistible/)

</div>

I have a confession to make - I’m a huge Starbucks fan. I know in some
of your eyes that might make me basic or tacky or “very American,” but
it’s the truth. I grew up watching Friends and Frasier and both shows
made the idea of going to a “coffee shop” seem like an

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Ancient Solution to Modern Problems \| Hidden Brain
Media](https://hiddenbrain.org/podcast/an-ancient-solution-to-modern-problems?fbclid=IwAR3-fM6Urp6phEyKd-MBa-ojwkaXykjYoLXsTIM0amT0kBWK7cEWUdJK23I)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.hiddenbrain.org/uploads/2022/12/stadium-g7270ed0b5_1280.jpg)](https://hiddenbrain.org/podcast/an-ancient-solution-to-modern-problems?fbclid=IwAR3-fM6Urp6phEyKd-MBa-ojwkaXykjYoLXsTIM0amT0kBWK7cEWUdJK23I)

</div>

People in every country and culture mark important milestones, such as
births, marriages and deaths with intricately choreographed scripts. We
even appeal to supernatural forces when to give our favorite sports
teams an extra advantage. This week on the show, anthropologist Dimitris
Xygalatas explains the psychological power behind the sacred and secular
rituals that structure our lives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Real Magic of
Rituals](https://nautil.us/the-real-magic-of-rituals-238960)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.nautil.us/sites/3/nautilus/Xygalatas_HERO.png?auto=compress&fm=png&ixlib=php-3.3.1)](https://nautil.us/the-real-magic-of-rituals-238960)

</div>

We might call them superstitions or spells, but they genuinely drum
anxiety away.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Hidden Power of Workplace
Rituals](https://hbr.org/2022/08/the-hidden-power-of-workplace-rituals)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2022/08/Aug22_17_78621556.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2022/08/the-hidden-power-of-workplace-rituals)

</div>

Employees rightly expect to be able to bring their feelings — big and
small — to work. One important way to provide that support is through
rituals. The author defines rituals using two important benchmarks.
First, rituals go beyond their practical purpose, moving participants
beyond transaction and into meaning. For instance, lighting a candle
when the lights go out isn’t a ritual, but turning off the lights and
lighting a candle at sundown is. Second, rituals are sorely missed when
they’re taken away. The author presents a case study from a company that
took a risk in real time and created a successful response to a tragedy,
and over time, that response became a ritual. Here’s how they did it,
and how leaders can better understand their own rituals — both current
ones and those that have yet to be discovered.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Rituals
Work](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-rituals-work)

</div>

There are real benefits to rituals, religious or otherwise

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Brands Are Behaving Like Organized
Religions](https://hbr.org/2016/02/brands-are-behaving-like-organized-religions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2016/02/feb16-18-503629916.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2016/02/brands-are-behaving-like-organized-religions)

</div>

But should they?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[India’s Untouchable Queen of the
Dead](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/india-s-untouchable-queen-of-the-dead)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pocket-image-cache.com/1200x/filters:format(jpg):extract_focal()/https%3A%2F%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Fpocket-syndicated-images%2Farticles%2F1166%2F1567207814_5d2654c4335e9.jpg)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/india-s-untouchable-queen-of-the-dead)

</div>

Legions of the sick and elderly go to great lengths to die in India’s
holiest city. One mysterious woman guards this fiery entrance to eternal
bliss.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why we need rituals, not
routines](https://www.vox.com/even-better/23144784/why-rituals-not-routine)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://platform.vox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/23619309/rituals.jpeg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0%2C3.4750998734523%2C100%2C93.049800253095&w=1200)](https://www.vox.com/even-better/23144784/why-rituals-not-routine)

</div>

How rituals can help you approach basic tasks more mindfully.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Rituals of Pain Help
Heal](https://www.sapiens.org/body/kavadi-ritual-extreme)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.sapiens.org/app/uploads/2019/10/06-D72_6275_compressed.jpg)](https://www.sapiens.org/body/kavadi-ritual-extreme)

</div>

A new study reveals how ceremonies involving physical suffering can be
invaluable tools for building resilience and coping skills.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Consumer Behavior
Rituals](https://medium.com/@CurtisTredway/consumer-behavior-rituals-f0b2eac51f6e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:700/0*J_AXLNPnAcO5XHnN.jpg)](https://medium.com/@CurtisTredway/consumer-behavior-rituals-f0b2eac51f6e)

</div>

(Image sourced from Zain.Love)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://blog.rescuetime.com/workplace-routines-and-rituals/](https://blog.rescuetime.com/workplace-routines-and-rituals)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Reasons Why Brand-Specific Rituals Are So
Powerful](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201603/3-reasons-why-brand-specific-rituals-are-so-powerful?amp=)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn2.psychologytoday.com/assets/styles/manual_crop_1_91_1_1528x800/public/field_blog_entry_teaser_image/Oreo%20Cookies%20by%20Janine%20Flickr%20Licensed%20Under%20CC%20BY%202.0_0.jpg?itok=nMzp-G4W)](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-science-behind-behavior/201603/3-reasons-why-brand-specific-rituals-are-so-powerful?amp=)

</div>

Brand marketers encourage ritualistic behaviors involving their products
to increase customer loyalty and to gain advantage over competitors.

</div>

</div>
