<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# rnns

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Learning Architectures From CNN, RNN, GAN, and Transformers To
Encoder](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/12/deep-learning-architectures-from-cnn-rnn-gan-and-transformers-to-encoder-decoder-architectures)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Hn6UWRfcQGS1sXgZTUWw6A.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/12/deep-learning-architectures-from-cnn-rnn-gan-and-transformers-to-encoder-decoder-architectures)

</div>

Deep learning architectures have revolutionized the field of artificial
intelligence, offering innovative solutions for complex problems across
various domains, including computer vision, natural language processing,
speech recognition, and generative models. This article explores some of
the most influential deep learning architectures: Convolutional Neural
Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), Generative
Adversarial Networks (GANs), Transformers, and Encoder-Decoder
architectures, highlighting their unique features, applications, and how
they compare against each other. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
CNNs are specialized deep neural networks for processing data with a
grid-like topology, such as images. A CNN automatically detects the
important features without any human supervision.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding and Implementing Recurrent Networks (RNNs) from Scratch
in
Py](https://dev.to/kuthchi/understanding-and-implementing-recurrent-networks-rnns-from-scratch-in-python-46ec)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Flxuugz5qmhj4p8wdyyvo.jpg)](https://dev.to/kuthchi/understanding-and-implementing-recurrent-networks-rnns-from-scratch-in-python-46ec)

</div>

Today AI is the most popular topic in various industries and it's also
has different develop purpose....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker News](https://johanwind.github.io/2023/03/23/rwkv_overview.html)

</div>

I explain what is so unique about the RWKV language model.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/ch14-Recurrent-NNs.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch14-Recurrent-NNs.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/89253020/f05d4100-6839-11eb-8595-9c797a965b17)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks/blob/master/ch14-Recurrent-NNs.ipynb)

</div>

based on "Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn & TensorFlow"
(O'Reilly, Aurelien Geron) - bjpcjp/scikit-and-tensorflow-workbooks

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural
Networks](http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness)

</div>

Musings of a Computer Scientist.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[When Recurrent Models Don't Need to be
Recurrent](http://offconvex.github.io/2018/07/27/approximating-recurrent)

</div>

Algorithms off the convex path.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Gentle Introduction to RNN Unrolling -
MachineLearningMastery.com](https://machinelearningmastery.com/rnn-unrolling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningmastery.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Example-of-Unrolled-RNN-on-the-forward-pass.png)](https://machinelearningmastery.com/rnn-unrolling)

</div>

Recurrent neural networks are a type of neural network where the outputs
from previous time steps are fed as input to the current time step. This
creates a network graph or circuit diagram with cycles, which can make
it difficult to understand how information moves through the network. In
this post, you will discover the concept of unrolling or unfolding…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kjw0612/awesome-rnn: Recurrent Neural Network - A curated list of
resources](https://github.com/kjw0612/awesome-rnn)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/896358ad591d5f41b7c06738b7c2ee95b8cf44c8548cf574ad8da0ca6d93fd3c/kjw0612/awesome-rnn)](https://github.com/kjw0612/awesome-rnn)

</div>

Recurrent Neural Network - A curated list of resources dedicated to
RNN - kjw0612/awesome-rnn

</div>

</div>
