<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# ruby

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Coding agent in 94 lines of
Ruby](https://radanskoric.com/articles/coding-agent-in-ruby)

</div>

“It’s not that hard to build a fully functioning, code-editing agent.”
Thorsten Ball

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 60-Second Wait: How I Spent Months Solving the Ruby’s Most Annoying
Gem Installation
Problem](https://mensfeld.pl/2025/07/solving-ruby-rdkafka-installation-problem/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.mensfeld.pl/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/road.jpg)](https://mensfeld.pl/2025/07/solving-ruby-rdkafka-installation-problem/)

</div>

How I eliminated the 60-second rdkafka gem compilation wait that was
burning 60 million CPU seconds monthly. From compilation hell to
3-second installs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ZJIT has been merged into
Ruby](https://railsatscale.com/2025-05-14-merge-zjit/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://railsatscale.com/2025-05-14-merge-zjit/923d94e0ea1f7b97edaec8c0b5b993c29f9fb3e5.png)](https://railsatscale.com/2025-05-14-merge-zjit/)

</div>

ZJIT has been merged into upstream Ruby. Learn about its architecture!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kumar91gopi/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Ruby: Ruby implementation
of Algorithms,Data-structures and programming
challenges](https://github.com/kumar91gopi/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fbe63f9ca2da002e74d78b6265d020d47de0f45c905e45a3a19151734f820fac/kumar91gopi/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Ruby)](https://github.com/kumar91gopi/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Ruby)

</div>

Ruby implementation of Algorithms,Data-structures and programming
challenges - kumar91gopi/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Ruby

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Supercharge SQLite with Ruby
Functions](https://blog.julik.nl/2025/01/supercharge-sqlite-with-ruby-functions)

</div>

An interesting twist in my recent usage of SQLite was the fact that I
noticed my research scripts and the database intertwine more. SQLite is
unique in that it really lives in-process, unlike standalone database
servers. There is a feature to that which does not get used very
frequently, but can be indispensable in some situations. By the way, the
talk about the system that made me me to explore SQLite in anger can now
be seen here. Normally it is your Ruby (or Python, or Go, or whatever)
program which calls SQLite to make it “do stuff”. Most calls will be
mapped to a native call like sqlite3_exec() which will do “SQLite
things” and return you a result, converted into data structures
accessible to your runtime. But there is another possible direction
here - SQLite can actually call your code instead.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A simple trick to understand Ruby’s lazy
enumerator](https://joyofrails.com/articles/simple-trick-to-understand-ruby-lazy-enumerator)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://joyofrails.com/assets/articles/simple-trick-to-understand-ruby-lazy-enumerator/screenshot-7f0c8d92.jpg)](https://joyofrails.com/articles/simple-trick-to-understand-ruby-lazy-enumerator)

</div>

Where you get to play with an interactive demo to visualize how
Enumerator::Lazy helps avoid unnecessary work

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Useful things you can do with Rails
console](https://impactahead.com/dev/useful-things-you-can-do-with-rails-console)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://impactahead.com/assets/impactahead-94da600f.jpg)](https://impactahead.com/dev/useful-things-you-can-do-with-rails-console)

</div>

Discover essential tips and tricks to boost your productivity with Ruby
on Rails console commands and features.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bundler 2.6: Enhanced Security with Built-in Checksum
Verification](https://mensfeld.pl/2025/01/the-silent-guardian-why-bundler-checksums-are-a-game-changer-for-your-applications/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mensfeld.pl/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/bundler-protect.jpg)](https://mensfeld.pl/2025/01/the-silent-guardian-why-bundler-checksums-are-a-game-changer-for-your-applications/)

</div>

Protect your Ruby projects from supply chain attacks with Bundler 2.6's
new checksum verification. Learn how to implement this crucial security
feature today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Metaprogramming Ruby
2](https://www.writesoftwarewell.com/metaprogramming-ruby/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.writesoftwarewell.com/content/images/2022/09/metaprogramming_ruby-4.jpeg)](https://www.writesoftwarewell.com/metaprogramming-ruby/)

</div>

Though it looks like magic, it’s still just programming. This book will
help you really understand the Rails source code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Ruby 3.3 Concurrency: A Comprehensive
Guide](https://blog.bestwebventures.in/understanding-ruby-concurrency-a-comprehensive-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hashnode.com/utility/r?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.hashnode.com%2Fres%2Fhashnode%2Fimage%2Fstock%2Funsplash%2F2IkxeDKaZdY%2Fupload%2F763c7476721d80bc5058479843c63844.jpeg%3Fw%3D1200%26h%3D630%26fit%3Dcrop%26crop%3Dentropy%26auto%3Dcompress%2Cformat%26format%3Dwebp%26fm%3Dpng)](https://blog.bestwebventures.in/understanding-ruby-concurrency-a-comprehensive-guide)

</div>

Let's explore Ruby's concurrency ecosystem, its various concurrency
models, and their practical applications in modern software development

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Basics of Rack for Ruby \| AppSignal
Blog](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/10/30/the-basics-of-rack-for-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IlRoZSBCYXNpY3Mgb2YgUmFjayBmb3IgUnVieSJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctaW5jbXlsbXAzLWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjQtMTAvcDEtcmFjay5qcGcifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJjYXRlZ29yeV9sb2dvIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctaW5jbXlsbXAzLWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9sb2dvcy9ydWJ5LWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=8e04f36ec2b5b03e9367e00bbce7400d83ae31d521a69260b439f5278b8f417c)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/10/30/the-basics-of-rack-for-ruby.html)

</div>

Rack is the foundation for every popular Ruby web framework in
existence. In the first part of a three-part series, let's set up a Rack
app.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design Patterns in Ruby](https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://refactoring.guru/images/refactoring/social/facebook-share-preview.png?id=dbf9e98269595be86eb668f365be6868)](https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/ruby)

</div>

The catalog of annotated code examples of all design patterns, written
in Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby’s hidden gems:
Sorbet](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/09/18/rubys-hidden-gems-sorbet.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IlJ1YnnigJlzIGhpZGRlbiBnZW1zOiBTb3JiZXQifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJpbWFnZSIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLTJjZ3E0ZmJidi1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvYmxvZy8yMDI0LTA5L3J1Ynktc29yYmV0LmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy0yY2dxNGZiYnYtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=68377f8b39a53e8e27c899dae1c18c3d0755eab8cbb99a2ae5ac314527636098)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/09/18/rubys-hidden-gems-sorbet.html)

</div>

Let's see how Sorbet addresses the challenges of dynamic typing in Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ankane/transformers-ruby: State-of-the-art transformers for
Ruby](https://github.com/ankane/transformers-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8938a007c9fa8dda076ca74c9caa2ef76718a7aa95af35704fea9e3794f051e3/ankane/transformers-ruby)](https://github.com/ankane/transformers-ruby)

</div>

State-of-the-art transformers for Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby: a great language for shell scripts! - Lucas Seiki
Oshiro](https://lucasoshiro.github.io/posts-en/2024-06-17-ruby-shellscript)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/Ruby_logo.svg)](https://lucasoshiro.github.io/posts-en/2024-06-17-ruby-shellscript)

</div>

It’s more than rails!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Mental Models For Ruby
Enumerators](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/3-mental-models-for-ruby-enumerators)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PU15Qk5aVzUwWVd3Z1RXOWtaV3h6SUVadmNpQlNkV0o1SUVWdWRXMWxjbUYwYjNKeiZ0eHRjbHI9ZjVmNWY1JnR4dGZvbnQ9SUJNUGxleFNhbnNKUC1TZW1pQm9sZCZ0eHRwYWQ9MCZ0eHRzaXplPTY0Jnc9ODAw&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Jo%C3%ABl+Quenneville)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/3-mental-models-for-ruby-enumerators)

</div>

Get a better understanding of Ruby enumerators by looking at them from 3
different perspectives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why Ruby’s Timeout is dangerous (and Thread.raise is
terrifying)](https://jvns.ca/blog/2015/11/27/why-rubys-timeout-is-dangerous-and-thread-dot-raise-is-terrifying)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Things to Avoid in
Ruby](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/05/22/five-things-to-avoid-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkZpdmUgVGhpbmdzIHRvIEF2b2lkIGluIFJ1YnkifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJpbWFnZSIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvYmxvZy8yMDI0LTA1LzUtdGhpbmdzLXJ1YnkuanBnIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=a74c3827854b954ed336f08fe9389b1d5c3193078ec31cf0f2b1be3f3c36c4f3)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/05/22/five-things-to-avoid-in-ruby.html)

</div>

We'll dive into five common Ruby mistakes and see how we can combat
them.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[books/Clean Ruby.pdf at main ·
emrancub/books](https://github.com/emrancub/books/blob/main/Clean%20Ruby.pdf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/ef87237a08df22c64b6ecf0d920e10724d8c006bba26132df550f3b7074ad11c/emrancub/books)](https://github.com/emrancub/books/blob/main/Clean%20Ruby.pdf)

</div>

I collected several books from different media. You can download any
book from here and enjoy your reading. Happy reading! - emrancub/books

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to approach a reduce
problem](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-approach-a-reduce-problem)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PVNHOTNJSFJ2SUdGd2NISnZZV05vSUdFZ2NtVmtkV05sSUhCeWIySnNaVzAlM0QmdHh0Y2xyPWY1ZjVmNSZ0eHRmb250PUlCTVBsZXhTYW5zSlAtU2VtaUJvbGQmdHh0cGFkPTAmdHh0c2l6ZT02NCZ3PTgwMA%3D%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Jo%C3%ABl+Quenneville)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-approach-a-reduce-problem)

</div>

Code written with reduce can be intimidating. This 2-step approach can
help.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[16 Best Ruby Frameworks For Web Development
\[2024\]](https://dev.to/lambdatest/16-best-ruby-frameworks-for-web-development-2024-40o)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F5fdcck0uw5z7ajt0r4d2.jpg)](https://dev.to/lambdatest/16-best-ruby-frameworks-for-web-development-2024-40o)

</div>

Ruby is a programming language that has been accepted with open arms
since 1995, and thanks to its...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby's Exceptional Creatures](https://www.exceptionalcreatures.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.exceptionalcreatures.com/assets/images/cover.png)](https://www.exceptionalcreatures.com)

</div>

Exceptional Creatures is Honeybadger.io's documentation of Ruby's
exception system, with a twist. Collect them all!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Deep Dive Into RSpec Tests in Ruby on
Rails](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/02/07/a-deep-dive-into-rspec-tests-in-ruby-on-rails.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkEgRGVlcCBEaXZlIEludG8gUlNwZWMgVGVzdHMgaW4gUnVieSBvbiBSYWlscyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjQtMDIvcnNwZWMtcDIuanBnIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=d5d9a14730477d00b8c5d0ea056d6788936722bab95b954ff698f97f25baa219)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2024/02/07/a-deep-dive-into-rspec-tests-in-ruby-on-rails.html)

</div>

In the second and final part of our series, we'll explore using RSpec
for tests in your Rails application.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Behaviour Driven Development in Ruby with
RSpec](https://dev.to/appsignal/behaviour-driven-development-in-ruby-with-rspec-5dmf)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fx9xf8raj0052r298tpp7.jpg)](https://dev.to/appsignal/behaviour-driven-development-in-ruby-with-rspec-5dmf)

</div>

RSpec is a library for writing and running tests in Ruby applications.
As its landing page states,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unveiling the Power of Ruby Generators: A Comprehensive Exploration
with
Ex](https://dev.to/daviducolo/unveiling-the-power-of-ruby-generators-a-comprehensive-exploration-with-extensive-code-examples-c8m)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fyzayjf52tes1dig59f0r.png)](https://dev.to/daviducolo/unveiling-the-power-of-ruby-generators-a-comprehensive-exploration-with-extensive-code-examples-c8m)

</div>

Ruby, renowned for its dynamic and object-oriented nature, boasts an
array of features that elevate...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Upload and download files in
Sinatra](https://coderwall.com/p/xjlflg/upload-and-download-files-in-sinatra)

</div>

A protip by alfuken about ruby and sinatra.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unveiling the big leap in Ruby 3.3's
IRB](https://railsatscale.com/2023-12-19-irb-for-ruby-3-3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://railsatscale.com/2023-12-19-irb-for-ruby-3-3/c0878f77c906f05bc8349253ed25a1e1992abd89.png)](https://railsatscale.com/2023-12-19-irb-for-ruby-3-3)

</div>

In this blog post, we will delve into the major enhancements introduced
in Ruby 3.3’s IRB, as well as what’s currently planned for the next
year.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Performance Guide to create 100k records in less than 3s using Ruby on
Rail](https://dev.to/justthev/performance-guide-to-create-100k-records-in-less-than-3s-using-ruby-on-rails-3k07)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fyp3kwe3b3viq279glxw7.png)](https://dev.to/justthev/performance-guide-to-create-100k-records-in-less-than-3s-using-ruby-on-rails-3k07)

</div>

When working on large-scale projects, quickly creating test data or
dummy data can be crucial. In...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Performance impact of the memoization idiom on modern
Ruby](https://railsatscale.com/2023-10-24-memoization-pattern-and-object-shapes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://railsatscale.com/2023-10-24-memoization-pattern-and-object-shapes/1daaf6c461ed8cef4d3617d913c68b00e356348f.png)](https://railsatscale.com/2023-10-24-memoization-pattern-and-object-shapes)

</div>

Ruby 3.2 saw the introduction of object shapes which speedup instance
variables access in most cases, but can be slower in some pathological
cases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction](https://thoughtbot.com/ruby-science/introduction.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thoughtbot.com/social/social-media-banner-generic.png)](https://thoughtbot.com/ruby-science/introduction.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HTTP Status Codes: An In-Depth Explanation with Ruby
Examples](https://dev.to/daviducolo/http-status-codes-an-in-depth-explanation-with-ruby-examples-21oe)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fafqkxpa2rndzpsf86raz.png)](https://dev.to/daviducolo/http-status-codes-an-in-depth-explanation-with-ruby-examples-21oe)

</div>

HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is the foundation of data
communication on the World Wide Web....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Client-side feature
flags](https://blog.flippercloud.io/client-side-feature-flags)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.flippercloud.io/content/images/2023/09/client-side-feature-flags-2.png)](https://blog.flippercloud.io/client-side-feature-flags)

</div>

Did you know you can use Flipper to create and manage feature flags for
your client-side app, even though Flipper is a Ruby gem?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mastering Common and Advanced Ruby Design Patterns: A Comprehensive
Guide
w](https://dev.to/daviducolo/mastering-common-and-advanced-ruby-design-patterns-a-comprehensive-guide-with-code-examples-17l0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fzs3qgtm1h2fg22sd2cwk.png)](https://dev.to/daviducolo/mastering-common-and-advanced-ruby-design-patterns-a-comprehensive-guide-with-code-examples-17l0)

</div>

Ruby is a dynamic and flexible programming language known for its
elegant syntax and powerful...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Easy introduction to Connection Pool in
ruby](http://www.libhunt.com/ahoy/messages/JCD0XXQg0ZaCTXwgBYcWOl5CZa5juhZG/click?signature=15d9669cb685e870d8ec6e9ef4d2a162db5450e6&url=https://www.visuality.pl/posts/easy-introduction-to-connection-pool-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/653245b9527ab8b069794ef7/662f637e96448b5ba1831433_Micha%C5%821.jpg)](http://www.libhunt.com/ahoy/messages/JCD0XXQg0ZaCTXwgBYcWOl5CZa5juhZG/click?signature=15d9669cb685e870d8ec6e9ef4d2a162db5450e6&url=https://www.visuality.pl/posts/easy-introduction-to-connection-pool-in-ruby)

</div>

As Rails developers, we often encounter performance issues in different
parts of our applications. But establishing connections to external
services is usually the place we overlook. Let me introduce the concept
of connection pooling and show you an example of easy, performant
connections to RabbitMQ.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Machine Learning Using Decision Trees in
Ruby](https://www.vector-logic.com/blog/posts/machine-learning-using-decision-trees-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://vector-logic-uploads.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/c8twh8tz2af2dodgo1n16nm29rbm?response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%3D%22kat-closon-unsplash.jpg%22%3B%20filename%2A%3DUTF-8%27%27kat-closon-unsplash.jpg&response-content-type=image%2Fjpeg&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIA42JND3JCHLMFD5NL%2F20241015%2Feu-west-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20241015T182442Z&X-Amz-Expires=300&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=85ba0eafcc6c2a1c1df42887f4984a784073487b3455b8582bff7910fd1e0efc)](https://www.vector-logic.com/blog/posts/machine-learning-using-decision-trees-in-ruby)

</div>

In the era of hyper-sophisticated machine learning models like ChatGPT,
it is surprising how effective the classic decision tree model remains,
especially when used in conjunction with other techniques, such as
bagging, boosting and random forests. In this blog post we demonstrate
how to build an effective decision tree model, and train this model on
some sample data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Easy introduction to Connection Pool in ruby by Michał Łęcicki -
Visuality](https://www.visuality.pl/posts/easy-introduction-to-connection-pool-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/653245b9527ab8b069794ef7/662f637e96448b5ba1831433_Micha%C5%821.jpg)](https://www.visuality.pl/posts/easy-introduction-to-connection-pool-in-ruby)

</div>

As Rails developers, we often encounter performance issues in different
parts of our applications. But establishing connections to external
services is usually the place we overlook. Let me introduce the concept
of connection pooling and show you an example of easy, performant
connections to RabbitMQ.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Ruby Gems to make your Ruby coding
smoother](https://dev.to/beacampos/12-ruby-gems-to-make-your-ruby-coding-smoother-1619)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fy6wii2gz6vou64qc9knp.png)](https://dev.to/beacampos/12-ruby-gems-to-make-your-ruby-coding-smoother-1619)

</div>

How many Ruby gems do you have currently installed? With around 50 new
gems released daily, it is...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby's Hash is a Swiss-Army
Knife](https://www.akshaykhot.com/ruby-hash-is-a-swiss-army-knife)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.writesoftwarewell.com/content/images/size/w1200/2023/08/code-7.png)](https://www.akshaykhot.com/ruby-hash-is-a-swiss-army-knife)

</div>

This article shows the obscure but useful capabilities of Hash, a simple
but equally powerful data structure in Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Usages of Devise for
Rails](https://dev.to/appsignal/advanced-usages-of-devise-for-rails-lja)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F5nq8qg47ewb0vnax78p0.jpg)](https://dev.to/appsignal/advanced-usages-of-devise-for-rails-lja)

</div>

In part one of this series, we introduced Devise using an example app to
explore modules, helpers,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exploring Genetic Algorithms with
Ruby](https://dev.to/rpaweb/exploring-genetic-algorithms-with-ruby-4lae)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvhoe19ctnmi67144ps1j.png)](https://dev.to/rpaweb/exploring-genetic-algorithms-with-ruby-4lae)

</div>

Introduction: In the quest to solve complex optimization problems and
simulate natural evolution,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inspecting Ruby's inspect
method](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/ruby-inspect-tutorial)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PVNXNXpjR1ZqZEdsdVp5QlNkV0o1SjNNZ2FXNXpjR1ZqZENCdFpYUm9iMlElM0QmdHh0Y2xyPWY1ZjVmNSZ0eHRmb250PUlCTVBsZXhTYW5zSlAtU2VtaUJvbGQmdHh0cGFkPTAmdHh0c2l6ZT02NCZ3PTgwMA%3D%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Louis+Antonopoulos%2C+et+al)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/ruby-inspect-tutorial)

</div>

Because 0x0000000103f70c98 never helped anyone.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Hacking Guide](https://ruby-hacking-guide.github.io)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use Sinatra to Build a Ruby
Application](https://dev.to/appsignal/how-to-use-sinatra-to-build-a-ruby-application-3me)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fm29155lszdjzkqa778cd.jpg)](https://dev.to/appsignal/how-to-use-sinatra-to-build-a-ruby-application-3me)

</div>

In this article, we'll introduce Ruby on Rails' lesser-known but
powerful cousin Sinatra. We'll use...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Manage Your Ruby Logs Like a
Pro](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/05/17/manage-your-ruby-logs-like-a-pro.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6Ik1hbmFnZSBZb3VyIFJ1YnkgTG9ncyBMaWtlIGEgUHJvIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiaW1hZ2UiLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2Jsb2cvMjAyMy0wNS9tYW5hZ2UtcnVieS1sb2dzLmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=83d52a8e1123ab4e74e54dd86e8a526442af6bcd4ca013d2ace90add7b0446da)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/05/17/manage-your-ruby-logs-like-a-pro.html)

</div>

Discover the ins and outs of logging in Ruby, including how to customize
your logs and use logging libraries like Lograge.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Pattern Matching: An Advanced
Guide](https://dev.to/francescoagati/ruby-pattern-matching-an-advanced-guide-3bco)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/francescoagati/ruby-pattern-matching-an-advanced-guide-3bco)

</div>

Pattern matching is a powerful technique in programming that allows you
to match data structures and...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Get Started with Logging in Ruby \| Better Stack
Community](https://betterstack.com/community/guides/logging/how-to-view-and-configure-ruby-logs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://betterstack.com/og-image/how-to-view-and-configure-ruby-logs.png)](https://betterstack.com/community/guides/logging/how-to-view-and-configure-ruby-logs)

</div>

Learn how to start logging with Ruby and go from basics to best
practices in no time.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Upgrading Ruby Broke
JavaScript](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-upgrading-ruby-broke-javascript)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PVNHOTNJRlZ3WjNKaFpHbHVaeUJTZFdKNUlFSnliMnRsSUVwaGRtRlRZM0pwY0hRJTNEJnR4dGNscj1mNWY1ZjUmdHh0Zm9udD1JQk1QbGV4U2Fuc0pQLVNlbWlCb2xkJnR4dHBhZD0wJnR4dHNpemU9NjQmdz04MDA%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Matheus+Richard)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-upgrading-ruby-broke-javascript)

</div>

A tale of false assumptions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Load Code in Ruby \| AppSignal
Blog](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/04/19/how-to-load-code-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkhvdyB0byBMb2FkIENvZGUgaW4gUnVieSJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjMtMDQvY29kZS1sb2FkaW5nLmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=ba5ca9d4aa12d253e090b4dc46c852c158e02c4ee75ab0b95bfe250dcb460752)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/04/19/how-to-load-code-in-ruby.html)

</div>

Let's look into three options for code loading in Ruby: using load,
require, and autoload.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Add Authorization to a Sinatra API using
Auth0](https://auth0-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/auth0.com/blog/amp/add-authorization-to-sinatra-api-using-auth0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/23aumh6u8s0i/1X32BMCDrSXJDavN5PTHiM/d2b8244ffbd6e3c6627246dda268836f/Ruby_red_hero.png)](https://auth0-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/auth0.com/blog/amp/add-authorization-to-sinatra-api-using-auth0)

</div>

Learn how to implement a Sinatra API and protect its endpoints using
Auth0

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Diving into Custom Exceptions in
Ruby](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/03/29/diving-into-custom-exceptions-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkRpdmluZyBpbnRvIEN1c3RvbSBFeGNlcHRpb25zIGluIFJ1YnkifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJpbWFnZSIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvYmxvZy8yMDIzLTAzL2N1c3RvbS1leGNlcHRpb25zLmpwZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=a8e8025f5b2e03bde5b72f0188f03e8fec3ecb8bfd407d8e9040eb8bc07b7ea4)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/03/29/diving-into-custom-exceptions-in-ruby.html)

</div>

Discover how to customize exceptions in Ruby and highlight exceptions in
your logs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[44 Top Ruby Gems: Must-have for Web
Development](https://www.codica.com/blog/top-ruby-gems-we-cant-live-without)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.codica.com/static/c72102e5c2bea21df2b9ec317d19ae8c/1f05b/OG_banner_bd5a796f55.jpg)](https://www.codica.com/blog/top-ruby-gems-we-cant-live-without)

</div>

Discover the Best Ruby gems to enhance your project and make development
easier. From testing to deployment, these gems will streamline your
workflow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Scraping in Ruby: Complete Guide 2023 -
ZenRows](https://www.zenrows.com/blog/web-scraping-ruby#web-crawling-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.zenrows.com/content/web_scraping_ruby_979b184a10.jpg)](https://www.zenrows.com/blog/web-scraping-ruby#web-crawling-in-ruby)

</div>

Get started with web scraping in Ruby using this step-by-step tutorial!
Learn how to scrape a site with Nokogiri and RSelenium libraries.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Method Parameters and Arguments \|
Alchemists](https://www.alchemists.io/articles/ruby_method_parameters_and_arguments)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://alchemists.io/images/logo/oembed.png)](https://www.alchemists.io/articles/ruby_method_parameters_and_arguments)

</div>

A collective devoted to the craft of software engineering where
expertise is transmuted into joy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Techniques for Working with Ruby Collections
?](https://dev.to/eakmotion/advanced-techniques-for-working-with-ruby-collections-4l08)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fm8f4s61v6nwykhpxwrsc.png)](https://dev.to/eakmotion/advanced-techniques-for-working-with-ruby-collections-4l08)

</div>

Working with collections, such as arrays and hashes, is a fundamental
part of programming in Ruby....

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Nested lists in yaml - Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16333975/nested-lists-in-yaml)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16333975/nested-lists-in-yaml)

</div>

How can I create nested lists in YAML? I want to get: {"Hello": \["as",
\["http://", \["cat"\]\]\]} Here's my YAML that doesn't work (with
pyYaml): Hello: - &

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Integrating Ruby with OpenAI: A Beginner’s
Guide](https://reinteractive.com/articles/integrating-ruby-with-openai-a-beginners-guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/hynqxvid6/image/upload/c_fit,f_auto,h_1024,w_1024/v1/media/kane-hooper-910149aaa9aee01cc1d953470e9a5c85c5c91f604076a06d99642de0f57a9ae7.png)](https://reinteractive.com/articles/integrating-ruby-with-openai-a-beginners-guide)

</div>

As a Ruby developer, you can immediately incorporate AI into your
applications through the use of the OpenAI API. Our beginners guide will
take you through step by step.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to stub Feature Flags with
RSpec](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-stub-feature-flags-with-rspec)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PVNHOTNJSFJ2SUhOMGRXSWdSbVZoZEhWeVpTQkdiR0ZuY3lCM2FYUm9JRkpUY0dWaiZ0eHRjbHI9ZjVmNWY1JnR4dGZvbnQ9SUJNUGxleFNhbnNKUC1TZW1pQm9sZCZ0eHRwYWQ9MCZ0eHRzaXplPTY0Jnc9ODAw&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Stefanni+Brasil%2C+et+al)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/how-to-stub-feature-flags-with-rspec)

</div>

Are your feature flags states leaking between your test cases? Stub them
all to make your test suite more reliable. Here’s how.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[vifreefly/kimuraframework: Kimurai is a modern web scraping framework
writt](https://github.com/vifreefly/kimuraframework)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8b2cdc0fa56cbf714da3d059bf5b3f288cd04d947ab3754f7b12341233343375/vifreefly/kimuraframework)](https://github.com/vifreefly/kimuraframework)

</div>

Kimurai is a modern web scraping framework written in Ruby which works
out of box with Headless Chromium/Firefox, PhantomJS, or simple HTTP
requests and allows to scrape and interact with JavaScrip...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Scraping with Ruby \|
ScrapingBee](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/web-scraping-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/web-scraping-ruby/cover.png)](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/web-scraping-ruby)

</div>

Learn web scraping with Ruby with this step-by-step tutorial. We will
see the different ways to scrape the web in Ruby through lots of example
with gems like Nokogiri, Kimurai and HTTParty.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Overview Of Ruby on Rails 7.1 Features. Part
III.](https://manny.codes/this-week-in-rails-wrapped-an-overview-of-rails-7-1-features-part-iii)

</div>

Leaked OnlyFans photos and video of manny.codes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Install Ruby on Mac. The Definitive Guide for
2023.](https://www.moncefbelyamani.com/the-definitive-guide-to-installing-ruby-gems-on-a-mac)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.moncefbelyamani.com/images/moncef_photo_square.jpeg)](https://www.moncefbelyamani.com/the-definitive-guide-to-installing-ruby-gems-on-a-mac)

</div>

This guide goes over the various ways to install Ruby on Mac, and the
pros and cons of each one.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Generate GPT Output in JSON Format for Ruby
developers](https://dev.to/kanehooper/how-to-generate-gpt-output-in-json-format-for-ruby-developers-3g66)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F7h0uf9iznpt957i5jjte.png)](https://dev.to/kanehooper/how-to-generate-gpt-output-in-json-format-for-ruby-developers-3g66)

</div>

I was playing around with OpenAI (GPT-3) today, building a reasonably
complicated email parser for a...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby One-Liners Guide](https://rubyweekly.com/link/133447/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/learnbyexample/learn_ruby_oneliners/master/images/ruby_oneliners_ls.png)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/133447/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

Example based guide for text processing with Ruby from the command line

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[To Thread or Not to Thread: An In-Depth Look at Ruby’s Execution
Models - Shopify](https://shopify.engineering/ruby-execution-models)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0779/4361/articles/ShopifyEng_BlogIllustrations_220411_216ppi_02_RubyExecutionModels.jpg?v=1653485716)](https://shopify.engineering/ruby-execution-models)

</div>

An in-depth look at threads vs processes in Ruby web applications, and
when you should use each.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Write a Custom Rake Task \| Sean C
Davis](https://www.seancdavis.com/posts/how-to-write-a-custom-rake-task)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://seancdavis.imgix.net/posts/default/default-orange-01.png?ixlib=js-3.8.0&auto=format%2Ccompress&w=1200&h=630&fit=crop&s=30696310a67c5cbd85510b1a5a73e403)](https://www.seancdavis.com/posts/how-to-write-a-custom-rake-task)

</div>

Rake provides a great way to automate repetitive or complex tasks.
Here's a look at creating a simple and a more complex task.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3.2 introduces
Enumerator::product](https://rubyweekly.com/link/133471/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1671151151273/528pQcxxI.png)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/133471/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

Learn about the Enumerator#product method introduced in Ruby 3.2.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker
News](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/ruby-delights-built-into-the-language)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dhttas9u5/image/upload/c_fill,dpr_2,fl_progressive,h_800,q_auto,w_1600/dsfstuyoarbamkbuls2z.jpg)](https://technology.doximity.com/articles/ruby-delights-built-into-the-language)

</div>

Read more on the Doximity Technology Blog about how our engineers and
data scientists are building the largest online network for clinicians.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Memoization in
Ruby](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/12/20/a-guide-to-memoization-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkEgR3VpZGUgdG8gTWVtb2l6YXRpb24gaW4gUnVieSJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjItMTIvbWVtb2l6YXRpb24ucG5nIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=b1645627475bd70ba634e809df15d550f10b1cf6d4a3a30cedddbb4b3a763ba2)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/12/20/a-guide-to-memoization-in-ruby.html)

</div>

Discover the benefits of memoization for your Ruby application, common
mistakes to avoid, and when not to memoize.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby multithreaded
crawler](https://dev.to/daviducolo/ruby-multithreaded-crawler-4m1g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F9tuq0d3pylk7w7qb20ql.png)](https://dev.to/daviducolo/ruby-multithreaded-crawler-4m1g)

</div>

A Ruby multithreaded crawler is a type of web crawler that is built
using the Ruby programming...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build Your Own Web Server With Ruby -
RubyGuides](https://www.rubyguides.com/2016/08/build-your-own-web-server)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.rubyguides.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/build-web-server-fb.png)](https://www.rubyguides.com/2016/08/build-your-own-web-server)

</div>

Have you ever built your own web server with Ruby? We already have many
servers, like: Puma Thin Unicorn But I think this is a great learning
exercise

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making a DNS query in Ruby from
scratch](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/11/06/making-a-dns-query-in-ruby-from-scratch)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[rack/rack](https://github.com/rack/rack)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/7febe92b64af6f1d8672f15b67bfe4285895f00ed61b8d877d8b17c91f5b8c8c/rack/rack)](https://github.com/rack/rack)

</div>

A modular Ruby web server interface.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[JIT Compilers for Ruby and Rails: An
Overview](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/09/07/jit-compilers-for-ruby-and-rails-an-overview.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkpJVCBDb21waWxlcnMgZm9yIFJ1YnkgYW5kIFJhaWxzOiBBbiBPdmVydmlldyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjItMDkvaml0LXJ1YnkuanBnIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=e70b756b3e8b38ef79990b8853b376dd5b620ea9ffcbd3296dc9bcea50ffe516)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/09/07/jit-compilers-for-ruby-and-rails-an-overview.html)

</div>

Find out about the different JIT compilers for Ruby — YJIT, MJIT, and
TenderJIT — and their benefits.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Ractors in
Ruby](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/08/24/an-introduction-to-ractors-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkFuIEludHJvZHVjdGlvbiB0byBSYWN0b3JzIGluIFJ1YnkifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJpbWFnZSIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW5yOGZrbjZhbi1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvYmxvZy8yMDIyLTA4L3J1YnktcmFjdG9ycy5qcGcifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJjYXRlZ29yeV9sb2dvIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnI4ZmtuNmFuLWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9sb2dvcy9ydWJ5LWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=f86e36abcc696b2775db43b1405cad199dd24cc6d7817d9c537fdd2c7707d475)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/08/24/an-introduction-to-ractors-in-ruby.html)

</div>

Discover when and why you should use ractors, and build a ractor in
Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The difference between procs and lambdas in
Ruby](https://www.codewithjason.com/the-difference-between-procs-and-lambdas-in-ruby)

</div>

Note: before starting this post, I recommend reading my other posts
about procs and closures for background. Overview What’s the difference
between a proc and a lambda? Lambdas actually are procs. Lambdas are
just a special kind of proc and they behave a little bit differently
from regular procs. In this post we’ll discuss the \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Track Down Memory Leaks in
Ruby](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/07/27/how-to-track-down-memory-leaks-in-ruby.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkhvdyB0byBUcmFjayBEb3duIE1lbW9yeSBMZWFrcyBpbiBSdWJ5In0seyJuYW1lIjoiaW1hZ2UiLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2Jsb2cvMjAyMi0wNy9tZW1vcnktbGVha3MtcnVieS5wbmcifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJjYXRlZ29yeV9sb2dvIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9sb2dvcy9ydWJ5LWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=742d2d363d99c270368e86572c8e823811e8121f4a9e886e91c6f062127d80ff)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/07/27/how-to-track-down-memory-leaks-in-ruby.html)

</div>

Let's explore how Ruby manages memory, garbage collection, and how to
uncover a leak, in the first of this two-part series on memory leaks in
Ruby.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x: Master programming by recreating your
favorite technologies from
scratch.](https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/fcc05351e4bdffcc0da640117328687f5305c2fa32373175e04b628d726e663c/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)](https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x)

</div>

Master programming by recreating your favorite technologies from
scratch. - codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best photos on
manny.codes](https://manny.codes/4-books-for-intermediate-ruby-and-rails-developers)

</div>

Leaked OnlyFans photos and video of manny.codes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[We need to talk about
fixtures](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/we-need-to-talk-about-fixtures)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/thoughtbot-website/Zn0Q2JbWFbowe7qY_default-article-background.png?auto=format%2Ccompress&mark-x=356&mark-y=100&mark64=aHR0cHM6Ly9hc3NldHMuaW1naXgubmV0L350ZXh0Lz90eHQtbGVhZD0wJnR4dC10cmFjaz0wJnR4dDY0PVYyVWdibVZsWkNCMGJ5QjBZV3hySUdGaWIzVjBJR1pwZUhSMWNtVnomdHh0Y2xyPWY1ZjVmNSZ0eHRmb250PUlCTVBsZXhTYW5zSlAtU2VtaUJvbGQmdHh0cGFkPTAmdHh0c2l6ZT02NCZ3PTgwMA%3D%3D&txt-align=center%2Cmiddle&txt-color=f5f5f5&txt-fit=max&txt-font=IBMPlexSansJP-SemiBold&txt-size=24&txt-x=391&txt-y=526&txt=Matheus+Sales)](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/we-need-to-talk-about-fixtures)

</div>

How the principle of connascence will help us to move away from
fixtures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[iseq.c: Use ntz_intptr for faster bitmap scan by casperisfine · Pull
Request \#6059 ·
ruby/ruby](https://rubyweekly.com/link/125611/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/5b85c40f0525e625c014a1a354d27ee0caa10702607e78967c0396a224bdf3cd/ruby/ruby/pull/6059)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/125611/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

Ref: \#6053

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Style Guide](https://rubyweekly.com/link/125616/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rubocop - 4 ways to reduce your
frustration!](https://rubyweekly.com/link/125621/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hanamimastery.com/images/episodes/23/cover-big.jpeg)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/125621/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

Rubocop recently managed to be listed as one of the most loved and most
frustrating ruby gems which is quite an achievement. In this episode,
I'll show you how to keep it only in the loved section.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3 adds Scheduler Interface for
Fibers](https://blog.kiprosh.com/ruby-fiber-schedular)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.kiprosh.com/content/images/2022/06/fiber_scheduler--1-.png)](https://blog.kiprosh.com/ruby-fiber-schedular)

</div>

Ruby adds Fiber SchedulerInterface to support non-blocking fiber.
Splitting long operations into fiber hooks and Scheduler will manage it
for us.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[State Machines in Ruby: An
Introduction](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/06/22/state-machines-in-ruby-an-introduction.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IlN0YXRlIE1hY2hpbmVzIGluIFJ1Ynk6IEFuIEludHJvZHVjdGlvbiJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjItMDYvc3RhdGUtbWFjaGluZXMtcnVieS5wbmcifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJjYXRlZ29yeV9sb2dvIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9sb2dvcy9ydWJ5LWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=8132b5208651e8dfc5384c7c2a825e0ac926c9e278f7a70d7783b18d7e2078a4)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/06/22/state-machines-in-ruby-an-introduction.html)

</div>

Let's build a simple state machine in Ruby and use the state machines
gem.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ruby/racc: Racc is an LALR(1) parser generator. It is written in Ruby
itself, and generates ruby programs.](https://github.com/ruby/racc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/84a4f4c85ad1c541b61f4995b6a91ca614dd9a9799163664addecfa5a278cb84/ruby/racc)](https://github.com/ruby/racc)

</div>

Racc is an LALR(1) parser generator. It is written in Ruby itself, and
generates ruby programs. - ruby/racc

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understading why attr_accessor in Ruby is faster than a regular
method](https://dmitrytsepelev.dev/attr-accessor-in-ruby)

</div>

A comparison of how different attr_accessor from custom getters in
setters in terms of implementation and performance

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Collections in Jekyll \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/jekyll-collections)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitalocean.com/_next/static/media/intro-to-cloud.d49bc5f7.jpeg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/jekyll-collections)

</div>

A quick overview of using collections in Jekyll to create powerful
taxonomies around your content.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Collections in
Jekyll](https://dev.to/cloudcannon/collections-in-jekyll-1e4h)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fw18iuevwd481hie97umg.png)](https://dev.to/cloudcannon/collections-in-jekyll-1e4h)

</div>

By Farrel Burns Brought to you by CloudCannon, the Git-based CMS for
Jekyll. What you’ll...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Add Feature Flags in Ruby on Rails with Flipper \| AppSignal
Blog](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/06/08/add-feature-flags-in-ruby-on-rails-with-flipper.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkFkZCBGZWF0dXJlIEZsYWdzIGluIFJ1Ynkgb24gUmFpbHMgd2l0aCBGbGlwcGVyIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiaW1hZ2UiLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2Jsb2cvMjAyMi0wNi9mZWF0dXJlLWZsYWdzLWluLXJ1YnkucG5nIn0seyJuYW1lIjoiY2F0ZWdvcnlfbG9nbyIsImltYWdlX3VybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBwc2lnbmFsLW5leHRqcy1ibG9nLW55cXI2cWNyOC1hcHBzaWduYWwudmVyY2VsLmFwcC9pbWFnZXMvbG9nb3MvcnVieS1sb2dvLnBuZyJ9XQ&s=6a1b2b3ce8987d6fdf3dd7858640b6f6fd7f21b8dfe7732f2ddd2c0acb09a85c)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/06/08/add-feature-flags-in-ruby-on-rails-with-flipper.html)

</div>

Find out how feature flags function in principle and get started with
feature flags using the Flipper gem.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The 4 days Guide to
Rake](https://greg.molnar.io/newsletters/rake-guide)

</div>

Blog and website of Greg Molnar, Ruby Developer, Rails Developer, IT
Security Consultant, Penetration Tester, Ethical hacker. Opinions
expressed are mine.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Introduction to Polymorphism in Ruby on Rails \| AppSignal
Blog](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/05/25/an-introduction-to-polymorphism-in-ruby-on-rails.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkFuIEludHJvZHVjdGlvbiB0byBQb2x5bW9ycGhpc20gaW4gUnVieSBvbiBSYWlscyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjItMDUvcG9seW1vcnBoaXNtLnBuZyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImNhdGVnb3J5X2xvZ28iLCJpbWFnZV91cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwcHNpZ25hbC1uZXh0anMtYmxvZy1ueXFyNnFjcjgtYXBwc2lnbmFsLnZlcmNlbC5hcHAvaW1hZ2VzL2xvZ29zL3J1YnktbG9nby5wbmcifV0&s=32610da24f05d8cc56692eadbe18ae0a4bf5d6d758f7b7743bd6f5a992352933)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/05/25/an-introduction-to-polymorphism-in-ruby-on-rails.html)

</div>

Learn how you can implement polymorphism in your Rails application for
cleaner code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby cryptographic
gems](https://dev.to/andrepiske/ruby-cryptographic-gems-1p5o)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fpj06fgcgj6i4ilnizdmt.jpg)](https://dev.to/andrepiske/ruby-cryptographic-gems-1p5o)

</div>

I'm not an expert in cryptography — I'm just a developer, and most
developers are in this same boat...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Markdown Tutorial Using Rails
app](https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/add-markdown-to-rails-app)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/h-fnfuXdBIY/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.bacancytechnology.com/blog/add-markdown-to-rails-app)

</div>

In this markdown tutorial using rails app learn a step-by-step process
to add Markdown support to the Rails app using Redcarpet and Coderay
gems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Web
Scraping](https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/comments/uom86y/ruby_web_scraping)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/uom86y)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ruby/comments/uom86y/ruby_web_scraping)

</div>

86K subscribers in the ruby community. Celebrate the weird and wonderful
Ruby programming language with us!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install Ruby on Rails with rbenv on Ubuntu 20.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-with-rbenv-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/4EXnYDCyje6NVaQ1PYDtVGJc)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-with-rbenv-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

Ruby on Rails is one of the most popular application stacks for
developers looking to create sites and web apps. Using rbenv will
provide you with a solid en…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bootstrapping with Ruby on Rails Generators and Templates \| AppSignal
Blog](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/05/04/bootstrapping-with-ruby-on-rails-generators-and-templates.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/Mn62mqoVbWvyB5wgQ1/image.jpg?modifications=W3sibmFtZSI6InRpdGxlIiwidGV4dCI6IkJvb3RzdHJhcHBpbmcgd2l0aCBSdWJ5IG9uIFJhaWxzIEdlbmVyYXRvcnMgYW5kIFRlbXBsYXRlcyJ9LHsibmFtZSI6ImltYWdlIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9ibG9nLzIwMjItMDUvcmFpbHMtZ2VuZXJhdG9ycy5wbmcifSx7Im5hbWUiOiJjYXRlZ29yeV9sb2dvIiwiaW1hZ2VfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9hcHBzaWduYWwtbmV4dGpzLWJsb2ctbnlxcjZxY3I4LWFwcHNpZ25hbC52ZXJjZWwuYXBwL2ltYWdlcy9sb2dvcy9ydWJ5LWxvZ28ucG5nIn1d&s=e73e344d888097cb3c156d95a3ba6fff92d492c455445343cedf85fd31385056)](https://blog.appsignal.com/2022/05/04/bootstrapping-with-ruby-on-rails-generators-and-templates.html)

</div>

Let's explore the basics of Rails generators and templates, then examine
how to customize your Rails app with templates.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Active Record Tricks \| Drifting
Ruby](https://www.driftingruby.com/episodes/active-record-tricks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d1rz1wpk7ms5d5.cloudfront.net/d0l8eisgjw4f62ag530sqnompzm0)](https://www.driftingruby.com/episodes/active-record-tricks)

</div>

In this episode, we look at tips and tricks from read only attributes,
inserting and upserting (update or insert) records, toggling booleans,
and single table inheritance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Liquid
Cheatsheet](https://gist.github.com/JJediny/a466eed62cee30ad45e2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/gist-og-image-54fd7dc0713e.png)](https://gist.github.com/JJediny/a466eed62cee30ad45e2)

</div>

Jekyll Liquid Cheatsheet · GitHub

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Formatting Ruby: Part
1](https://kddnewton.com/2022/02/14/formatting-ruby-part-1.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ruby-syntax-tree/vscode-syntax-tree/main/doc/logo.png)](https://kddnewton.com/2022/02/14/formatting-ruby-part-1.html)

</div>

This post is part of a series about how ruby-syntax-tree/syntax_tree
works under the hood.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Best Ruby HTTP clients for 2021 \|
ScrapingBee](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/best-ruby-http-clients)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/best-ruby-http-clients/cover.png)](https://www.scrapingbee.com/blog/best-ruby-http-clients)

</div>

This article will discuss the best HTTP clients in Ruby. Faraday,
HTTParty, Rest-client...it can be hard to choose the best one.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[markets/awesome-ruby: 💎 A collection of awesome Ruby libraries, tools,
frameworks and software](https://github.com/markets/awesome-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/9b289bb18cd016a823d9cb02b1f5662fad2d8790b6e49de000a3e67cefea49b4/markets/awesome-ruby)](https://github.com/markets/awesome-ruby)

</div>

💎 A collection of awesome Ruby libraries, tools, frameworks and
software - markets/awesome-ruby

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/ch16-functional-programming.ipynb at
master ·
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch16-functional-programming.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/297759469/0ddeda80-683b-11eb-89e0-949faf39dc64)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch16-functional-programming.ipynb)

</div>

My working notes of "The Well-Grounded Rubyist" (Black & Leo),
implemented in Jupyter Lab (Ruby kernel 2.7.0) -
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/ch05-self.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch05-self.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/297759469/0ddeda80-683b-11eb-89e0-949faf39dc64)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch05-self.ipynb)

</div>

My working notes of "The Well-Grounded Rubyist" (Black & Leo),
implemented in Jupyter Lab (Ruby kernel 2.7.0) -
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 ways to call a method in
Ruby](https://www.notonlycode.org/12-ways-to-call-a-method-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1522776851755-3914469f0ca2?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=2000&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ)](https://www.notonlycode.org/12-ways-to-call-a-method-in-ruby)

</div>

A fun little experiment where I try to call the same method in Ruby in
as many ways as possible

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Project: rake - The Ruby
Toolbox](https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/projects/rake)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/assets/logo/box-with-padding-5d10842e10693a20fad5c78f559da0f10c1edc111ebbeefd0b5d4572ee2d1275.png)](https://www.ruby-toolbox.com/projects/rake)

</div>

Explore and compare open source Ruby libraries

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[rack/rack](https://rack.github.io)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/7febe92b64af6f1d8672f15b67bfe4285895f00ed61b8d877d8b17c91f5b8c8c/rack/rack)](https://rack.github.io)

</div>

A modular Ruby web server interface.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://hixonrails.com/ruby-on-rails-tutorials/ruby-on-rails-security-best-practices/](https://hixonrails.com/ruby-on-rails-tutorials/ruby-on-rails-security-best-practices)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sinatra/sinatra-recipes: Community contributed recipes and
techniques](https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra-recipes)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/0b313c5924126bdfbc9d79676cbe087205bb2b15f5eca30e740e1dc00ed10487/sinatra/sinatra-recipes)](https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra-recipes)

</div>

Community contributed recipes and techniques.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Rails secrets/credentials - Code with
Jason](https://rubyweekly.com/link/83853/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

What this feature is for The credentials feature is a way of storing
secrets that you don’t want to keep in plaintext, like AWS credentials
for example. (In fact, the one and only thing I keep in my main Rails
project’s credentials are my Active Storage AWS credentials.) Why the
credentials feature is difficult to \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[leah blogs: Introducing
Rack](http://chneukirchen.org/blog/archive/2007/02/introducing-rack.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show relevant chunks of text with Rails excerpt
helper](https://boringrails.com/tips/rails-excerpt-helper)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://boringrails.com/images/tip-sticker.png)](https://boringrails.com/tips/rails-excerpt-helper)

</div>

The Rails helper excerpt can extract a chunk of text that matches a
certain phrase, no matter where in the string it is.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Simple steps to setup Jekyll Categories and
Tags](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-categories)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.webjeda.com/assets/thumbs/jekyll-categories.png)](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-categories)

</div>

Why Jekyll Categories or Tags? Imagine you have a blog where you discuss
very different things all together. Many bloggers post their personal
experiences along with some professional posts. Curating information is
very important to make users browse through your website with ease. What
if New York Times had no categories like Politics, Business, Tech etc..?
How hard would it be to track what happened to last night’s football
game? There should be a Sports category to make readers’ life easy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/ch14-callables-runnables.ipynb at
master ·
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch14-callables-runnables.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/297759469/0ddeda80-683b-11eb-89e0-949faf39dc64)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes/blob/master/ch14-callables-runnables.ipynb)

</div>

My working notes of "The Well-Grounded Rubyist" (Black & Leo),
implemented in Jupyter Lab (Ruby kernel 2.7.0) -
bjpcjp/well-grounded-rubyist-book-notes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Exploring Metaprogramming in Ruby :: the halcyon
blog](https://www.halcyon.hr/posts/exploring-metaprogramming-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.halcyon.hr/posts/exploring-metaprogramming-in-ruby/images/ruby_hu0319058d9e6e9bac6a5a9313f3a1ec62_212499_1200x630_fit_q75_box.jpg)](https://www.halcyon.hr/posts/exploring-metaprogramming-in-ruby)

</div>

Metaprogramming is an integral part of Ruby, more so than in any other
language. This article explains the hows and whys.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sinatra applications with
RSpec](http://shiroyasha.io/sinatra-app-with-rspec.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://shiroyasha.github.io/images/sinatra-app-with-rspec.png)](http://shiroyasha.io/sinatra-app-with-rspec.html)

</div>

There are times when the only thing I want to create is a simple API. In
the Ruby ecosystem the standard for creating something simple is
Sinatra. But...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Easy Steps to Implement Jekyll
Collections!](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-collections)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.webjeda.com/assets/thumbs/jekyll-collections.png)](https://blog.webjeda.com/jekyll-collections)

</div>

Why ‘Jekyll Collections’?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3.1.0
Released](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2021/12/25/ruby-3-1-0-released)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How map(&:some_method) works - Code with
Jason](https://www.codewithjason.com/how-map-works)

</div>

The map method’s shorthand syntax One of the most common uses of map in
Ruby is to take an object and call some method on the object, like this.
\[1, 2, 3\].map { \|number\| number.to_s } To save us from redundancy,
Ruby has a shorthand version which is functionally equivalent to the
above. \[1, 2, \[…\]

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll • Simple, blog-aware, static sites](https://jekyllrb.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jekyllrb.com/img/jekyll-og.png)](https://jekyllrb.com)

</div>

Transform your plain text into static websites and blogs

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adding Cloudant search to your static Jekyll
blog](https://medium.com/@glynn_bird/adding-cloudant-search-to-your-static-jekyll-blog-5ad76b32a902)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*TRW3LITyjlZvKFedlir9lA.jpeg)](https://medium.com/@glynn_bird/adding-cloudant-search-to-your-static-jekyll-blog-5ad76b32a902)

</div>

Making a static HTML website have dynamic search

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4: A starter kit for jekyll + bootstrap
4](https://github.com/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/d4445afbc9fb2e8d6f01271e23a929d41e8be7d4a88718cb0449ea1911c3ef52/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)](https://github.com/jenofdoom/jekyll-bootstrap-4)

</div>

A starter kit for jekyll + bootstrap 4.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Creating and Hosting a Personal Website on GitHub \|
Jonathan McGlone \| Librarian, Product Designer, User Researcher,
Digital Publisher, Accessibility Specialist, Music Enthusiast, Web
Noodler.](http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages)

</div>

A beginner's guide to creating a personal website and blog using Jekyll
and hosting it for free using GitHub Pages.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Fast, Concurrent Web Server for Ruby & Rack - Puma](https://puma.io)

</div>

Puma - A Fast, Concurrent Web Server for Ruby & Rack.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jekyll Tags on Github Pages · Long
Qian](https://longqian.me/2017/02/09/github-jekyll-tag)

</div>

Github page does not allow customized plugins, and jekyll-tagging is not
one of the supported GEMs of Github pages. It needs some effort to add
tag support your Jekyll blog hosted by Github page. This blog shows you
how to do this step by step.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: Ruby One-Liners
Cookbook](https://learnbyexample.github.io/learn_ruby_oneliners/one-liner-introduction.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/learnbyexample/learn_ruby_oneliners/master/images/ruby_oneliners_ls.png)](https://learnbyexample.github.io/learn_ruby_oneliners/one-liner-introduction.html)

</div>

Example based guide for text processing with Ruby from the command line

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[ruby - Rbenv and Rails mismatches - Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68521184/rbenv-and-rails-mismatches)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68521184/rbenv-and-rails-mismatches)

</div>

Good morning everyone, I've installed Ruby 3.0.2 via rbenv in order to
test-drive a Rails 6.0 app. It seems like rbenv's Rails shiv is not
working properly. \$ rbenv install 3.0.2 Downloading ruby-3...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding How Rbenv, RubyGems And Bundler Work
Together](https://www.honeybadger.io/blog/rbenv-rubygems-bundler-path)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/nZ52rq9EkQ6V3bp1Lj/image.jpg?modifications=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&s=65ee71ecc6331ecd0f2a4671cb9864f2c4076060307549679982a95fa21e837c)](https://www.honeybadger.io/blog/rbenv-rubygems-bundler-path)

</div>

Rbenv, RubyGems, and Bundler work together to give us a lot of control
over our code's environment. If you know how they work, you'll be better
prepared to troubleshoot any problems you encounter. In this article,
Ol...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 ways to send emails with only few lines of code and Gmail - Ruby -
Part
2](https://dev.to/fralps/3-ways-to-send-emails-with-only-few-lines-of-code-and-gmail-ruby-part-2-23nc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvrcrshq6k8nuyqxjd7f7.jpg)](https://dev.to/fralps/3-ways-to-send-emails-with-only-few-lines-of-code-and-gmail-ruby-part-2-23nc)

</div>

We will see how to send a simple email with the help of three different
programming languages:...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New Machine Learning Gems for Ruby](https://ankane.org/new-ml-gems)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ankane.org/images/ml-gems-2.png)](https://ankane.org/new-ml-gems)

</div>

In August, I set out to improve the machine learning ecosystem for Ruby
and wasn’t sure where it would go. Over the next 5 months, I ended up...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Saving/Retrieving Data With a YAML file in Ruby: The Basics \| by
Kristen
Fl](https://medium.com/@kristenfletcherwilde/saving-retrieving-data-with-a-yaml-file-in-ruby-the-basics-e45232903d94)

</div>

Writing and reading yaml files can be very simple. Here are a few
examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rails 6 — Custom Seed Files. While building applications in Rails… \|
by
Zac](https://developingzack.medium.com/rails-6-custom-seed-files-1cda97a67985)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*JN4iXXjtT9nlzjCXFCrJaw.png)](https://developingzack.medium.com/rails-6-custom-seed-files-1cda97a67985)

</div>

While building applications in Rails it’s very common to have to add a
new model after you’ve already set up a DB and added some seed data…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Build a Web App with and without Rails Libraries — Development
(2021](https://shopify.engineering/building-web-app-ruby-rails)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0779/4361/articles/ShopifyEng_BlogIllustrations_210525_72ppi_03_HowtoBuildaWebAppwithandwithoutRailsLibraries.jpg?v=1623688086)](https://shopify.engineering/building-web-app-ruby-rails)

</div>

Ruby on Rails is a web framework that contains many libraries you’d need
to create and deploy a successful web application. We often take for
granted the ability to run rails new to create a fully functional web
application with tons of built-in features.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3.0.1
Released](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2021/04/05/ruby-3-0-1-released)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Kointoto: Situs Judi Togel Online & Slot Gacor
Maxwin](https://longliveruby.com/articles/bundle-install-deep-dive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://object-d001-cloud.cloudstoragesharingservice.com/banner/image/promotion/KOINTOTO_Welcome%20Bonus%20+%20Bonus%20Deposit%20harian_sldier.webp)](https://longliveruby.com/articles/bundle-install-deep-dive)

</div>

Kointoto situs judi togel online, slot gacor, dan live casino idnlive
terbaik di Indonesia. 1 ID untuk semua permainan dengan deposit minimal
Rp 10rb.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Power of Scripting: A Deploy Script \| Learn Enough News &
Blog](https://news.learnenough.com/power-of-scripting-deploy-script)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://softcover.github.io/learnenough-news/images/le.png)](https://news.learnenough.com/power-of-scripting-deploy-script)

</div>

News & blog about Learn Enough (including the Ruby on Rails Tutorial)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hacker
News](https://www.fastruby.io/blog/ruby/performance/why-wasnt-ruby-3-faster.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fastruby.io/blog/assets/images/header/why-wasnt-ruby-3-faster.jpg)](https://www.fastruby.io/blog/ruby/performance/why-wasnt-ruby-3-faster.html)

</div>

Ruby 3.0 is a lot faster than Ruby 2.0, with both incremental tuning and
interesting new disruptive changes. 'Three times faster' is hard to
define...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

<https://rubyweekly.com/link/102530/ad5e785e3b>

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[rgl \| RubyGems.org \| your community gem
host](https://rubygems.org/gems/rgl/versions/0.3.1)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating a Ruby DSL: A Metaprogramming Tutorial \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-dsl-metaprogramming-guide?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_3wByRquARVRzBa092hIB5ti0-GPf2QA_o96QxaY4nnoAFc0Xc2sYonYUPPkeaeIldF1va9JLZG4VJrEr5QUOfCVBUJA&_hsmi=54734815)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8958234/og_image/optimized/REDESIGN_Creating-a-Ruby-DSL-A-Guide-to-Advanced-Metaprogramming-Social-86effa07d60f179c878f9a1432214d9e.png)](https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-dsl-metaprogramming-guide?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_3wByRquARVRzBa092hIB5ti0-GPf2QA_o96QxaY4nnoAFc0Xc2sYonYUPPkeaeIldF1va9JLZG4VJrEr5QUOfCVBUJA&_hsmi=54734815)

</div>

Leverage metaprogramming for better Ruby with this DSL tutorial.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How Fast Is Ruby 3 on Rails? - FastRuby.io \| Rails Upgrade
Service](https://fastruby.io/blog/rails/ruby/performance/how-fast-is-ruby-3-on-rails.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fastruby.io/blog/assets/images/header/how-fast-is-ruby-3-on-rails.jpg)](https://fastruby.io/blog/rails/ruby/performance/how-fast-is-ruby-3-on-rails.html)

</div>

An article by Noah Gibbs about Ruby 3's performance for a Rails
application. Ruby 3.0.0-preview1 was a tiny bit slower than 2.7. The
release 3.0 is...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The blog of wjwh - Ruby 3.0 and the new FiberScheduler
interface](http://www.wjwh.eu/posts/2020-12-28-ruby-fiber-scheduler-c-extension.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Practical Graph Theory in
Ruby](https://www.rubyguides.com/2017/05/graph-theory-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.rubyguides.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/graph-theory-1.png)](https://www.rubyguides.com/2017/05/graph-theory-in-ruby)

</div>

This is the next installment in the "Practical Computer Science" series,
where you will learn how to apply classic computer science concepts to
solve real problems using Ruby. Today we are going to talk about Graph

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Climbing Steep hills, or adopting Ruby 3 types with RBS—Martian
Chronicles, Evil Martians’ team
blog](https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/climbing-steep-hills-or-adopting-ruby-types)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://evilmartians.com/social-cards/chronicles/climbing-steep-hills-or-adopting-ruby-types.jpg)](https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/climbing-steep-hills-or-adopting-ruby-types)

</div>

A deep dive into adding Ruby Type Signatures to existing projects and
using Steep to perform type checking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Testing a Feature with Rails and RSpec: A deep
dive](https://chrisherring.co/posts/testing-a-feature-with-rails-and-rspec-a-deep-dive)

</div>

One of the things I hear most from developers who are new to Ruby and
Rails, or just to testing is, How do you get started? What should I
test? The value of testing your code and the confidence it brings is
already apparent, but how to make it happen seems to be missing. In this
post I address how I approach testing a fairly simple, but non trivial
feature from start to finish.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RubyTapas – Short Screencasts of Gourmet Ruby, by Avdi
Grimm](https://www.rubytapas.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Homepage](http://www.rubyguides.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.rubyguides.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/fb-banner-new.png)](http://www.rubyguides.com)

</div>

Become A Ruby Programming Expert With RubyGuides This library of 150+
in-depth guides explains complex programming topics in plain English so
you can become a happy & well-paid Ruby developer! Discover all the
secrets that separate beginner developers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Rubyist's Guide to
Memoization](http://blog.honeybadger.io/rubyist_guide_to_memoization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/nZ52rq9EkQ6V3bp1Lj/image.jpg?modifications=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&s=84df34fe67228c110491fa1d15e003bbc538d732cba61e662412996558280b62)](http://blog.honeybadger.io/rubyist_guide_to_memoization)

</div>

This article covers one of my favorite techniques for improving
performance: memoization. It's a source of easy little performance wins
that eventually add up and only occasionally reduce your application to
a heap of...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby one-liners](https://benoithamelin.tumblr.com/ruby1line)

</div>

I am Benoit Hamelin. I work with the excellent hackers at Arcadia G.P.,
where I develop software,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Safe Navigation Operator (&.) in Ruby – Georgi
Mitrev](http://mitrev.net/ruby/2015/11/13/the-operator-in-ruby)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rake 201](http://code.tutsplus.com/articles/rake-201--cms-26261)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/851/posts/26261/preview_image/Victory-Garden-small.jpg)](http://code.tutsplus.com/articles/rake-201--cms-26261)

</div>

In this second article about Rake, we dive a little deeper and cover
slightly advanced topics like file tasks, rules, multitasks and more
that will improve your Rake chops...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[custom rake task in rails \|
codedecoder](http://codedecoder.wordpress.com/2013/05/03/custom-rake-task-in-rails)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s0.wp.com/i/blank.jpg)](http://codedecoder.wordpress.com/2013/05/03/custom-rake-task-in-rails)

</div>

rake command is explained in this post. rails provide a number of
inbuilt tasks, but you can create your own task also as explained here.
=\> Understanding the basics : When you create any new ra…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[RSpec Matchers Cheat Sheet](http://cheatrags.com/rspec-matchers)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Testing Your Ruby Code With Guard, RSpec & Pry: Part
2](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/testing-your-ruby-code-with-guard-rspec-pry-part-2--cms-20290)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cms-assets.tutsplus.com/uploads/users/45/posts/20290/preview_image/ruby-wideretina-preview.png)](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/testing-your-ruby-code-with-guard-rspec-pry-part-2--cms-20290)

</div>

Welcome back! If you missed the first part of our journey so far, then
you might want to go back and catch-up first. So far, we've applied a
Test-Driven Development process to building our...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Beginner's Guide to Exceptions in
Ruby](http://blog.honeybadger.io/a-beginner-s-guide-to-exceptions-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/nZ52rq9EkQ6V3bp1Lj/image.jpg?modifications=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&s=16129e4605775fee1e88ccdd22b5faac478496d4f8d91469a2af5ee2f0f6d83e)](http://blog.honeybadger.io/a-beginner-s-guide-to-exceptions-in-ruby)

</div>

The other day I was searching for an introduction to Ruby exceptions
written for beginners - people who know basic Ruby syntax but aren't
really sure what an exception is or why it's useful. I couldn't find
one, so I ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby
Exceptions](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/ruby_exceptions.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3.0.0
Released](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2020/12/25/ruby-3-0-0-released)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Makes Ruby Beautiful:
Metaprogramming](https://dev.to/alexlion/what-makes-ruby-beautiful-metaprogramming-536a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Fn6n4bgvcy9x742k73d00.png)](https://dev.to/alexlion/what-makes-ruby-beautiful-metaprogramming-536a)

</div>

Ruby is one of the underrated programming languages among modern
developers. It has become popular wi...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Things to Do When Inheriting Legacy Rails Apps \| NextLink
Labs](https://nextlinklabs.com/insights/six-tips-for-inheriting-a-legacy-rails-app)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://nextlinklabs.com/hubfs/6%20steps%20inheriting%20legacy%20rails%20apps.png)](https://nextlinklabs.com/insights/six-tips-for-inheriting-a-legacy-rails-app)

</div>

Becoming the owner of a legacy Rails app can mean inheriting a project
bogged down with tech debt, bugs, and sketchy documentation. Here's how
to survive.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: A list of 470 static analysis
tools](https://analysis-tools.dev)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://analysis-tools.dev/assets/images/social.png)](https://analysis-tools.dev)

</div>

Find static code analysis tools and linters for Java, JavaScript, PHP,
Python, Ruby, C/C++, C#, Go, Swift, and more. All tools and linters are
peer-reviewed by fellow developers to select the best tools available.
Avoid bugs in production, outages on weekends, and angry customers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[stripe/stripe-ruby: Ruby library for the Stripe
API.](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bf140ca062c75d50b37d754587c57b681e20c3daf9c099b18b27f0dd549c90aa/stripe/stripe-ruby)](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ruby)

</div>

Ruby library for the Stripe API. .

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GitHub - SciRuby/iruby: Official gem repository: Ruby kernel for
Jupyter/IP](https://github.com/SciRuby/iruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/94553b072165f3609ed75eacef9e83a51381b91f5d5e4e84ed30aceb9a0204f8/SciRuby/iruby)](https://github.com/SciRuby/iruby)

</div>

Official gem repository: Ruby kernel for Jupyter/IPython Notebook -
SciRuby/iruby

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pat Shaughnessy](http://patshaughnessy.net/ruby-under-a-microscope)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jekyll 3.8.3 \| Error: uninitialized constant FFI::Platform::CPU ·
Issue \#77](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/745d4f8248aba9e5f5c7e776683552e08d6f3661fc9398831cddc65b5e91f382/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/issues/7712)

</div>

My Environment Software Version(s) Operating System Ubuntu 19.10 jekyll
Latest github-pages No Current Behavior I was trying to run sudo apt
install jekyll jekyll new my-awesome-site cd my-awesome-...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby's Proposed STM](https://chrisseaton.com/truffleruby/ruby-stm)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby 3 - Anonymous Struct - DEV Community
?‍??‍?](https://dev.to/baweaver/ruby-3-anonymous-struct-51n0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fddre603j8xl1471y3v89.png)](https://dev.to/baweaver/ruby-3-anonymous-struct-51n0)

</div>

In our series on new Ruby 3.0 features we start with the anonymous
Struct, \${}.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[heartcombo/devise: Flexible authentication solution for Rails with
Warden.](https://github.com/heartcombo/devise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/450c1f5a15e12187ca7323370a046fa2b5011295f192af57be408059743f65b1/heartcombo/devise)](https://github.com/heartcombo/devise)

</div>

Flexible authentication solution for Rails with Warden. -
heartcombo/devise

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The State of Ruby 3 Typing \| Square Corner
Blog](https://developer.squareup.com/blog/the-state-of-ruby-3-typing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/1wryd5vd9xez/3l5IiLxclz6lwqcOi0YCy/84af8f9ac3d2b49e367a44d14e7b42b0/thecorner_heroimage_ruby3-typing_v1_20200729.png?w=2916&h=800&q=100&fm=png)](https://developer.squareup.com/blog/the-state-of-ruby-3-typing)

</div>

Introducing RBS, Ruby’s new type signature language

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[17 Useful Ruby String Methods to Clean and Format Your
Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/17-useful-ruby-string-methods-to-clean-and-format-your-data-9c9147ff87b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*pOyzJ7yr3TAVc-vbB-4L6w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/17-useful-ruby-string-methods-to-clean-and-format-your-data-9c9147ff87b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Every line of code you don’t write is a line of code you don’t have to
maintain

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A curated list with Ruby gems \|
LibHunt](https://ruby.libhunt.com/categories)

</div>

137 categories including 1319 gems and resources.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ways to Splat in Ruby](https://hint.io/blog/5-ways-to-splat-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hint.io/static/0256955bf49092adddec2bffd744413a/2a4de/ogp.png)](https://hint.io/blog/5-ways-to-splat-in-ruby)

</div>

We take a look at 5 different ways to leverage Ruby's splat (\*)
operator.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Choosing between Ruby environment managers: rbenv vs.
RVM](https://duseev.com/articles/rbenv-vs-rvm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://image.ibb.co/hebX8T/rbenv_vs_rvm.jpg)](https://duseev.com/articles/rbenv-vs-rvm)

</div>

RVM vs. rbenv: why RVM is bad and rbenv is good. Easy setup instructions
for MacOS X.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Install Ruby on Ubuntu 18.04 \|
Linuxize](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04/featured.jpg)](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-ruby-on-ubuntu-18-04)

</div>

Ruby is one of the most popular languages today. It has an elegant
syntax and it is the language behind the powerful Ruby on Rails
framework. In this tutorial we will show you three different ways to
install Ruby on Ubuntu 18.04 system.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sinatra](http://sinatrarb.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Lies, Damned Lies, and Averages: Perc50, Perc95 explained for
Programmers](https://www.schneems.com/2020/03/17/lies-damned-lies-and-averages-perc50-perc95-explained-for-programmers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.dropbox.com/s/mdghbzitg3pijw8/Screenshot%202019-12-24%2013.10.56.png?raw=1)](https://www.schneems.com/2020/03/17/lies-damned-lies-and-averages-perc50-perc95-explained-for-programmers)

</div>

I got a customer ticket the other day that said they weren’t worried
about response time because “New Relic is showing our average response
time to be sub 20...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding Ruby's block/proc
parsing](https://dev.to/penelope_zone/understanding-ruby-s-block-proc-parsing-4a89)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/penelope_zone/understanding-ruby-s-block-proc-parsing-4a89)

</div>

In Ruby, methods can take a single block as an argument, which can be
specified explicitly in the met...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Lazy
Enumerators](https://blog.saeloun.com/2019/10/23/ruby-lazy-enumerators.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.saeloun.com/images/opengraph/6274c43586fe9868bcd86654f9f40bdab80e8417.png)](https://blog.saeloun.com/2019/10/23/ruby-lazy-enumerators.html)

</div>

Ruby support for lazy loading enumerators

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Opening The Ruby Concurrency
Toolbox](https://rubyweekly.com/link/83833/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ondemand.bannerbear.com/signedurl/nZ52rq9EkQ6V3bp1Lj/image.jpg?modifications=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_IFRoaXMgYXJ0aWNsZSB3aWxsIG9wZW4gUnVieSdzIGNvbmN1cnJlbmN5IHRvb2xib3ggYW5kIHNob3cgeW91IGhvdyBlYWNoIHRvb2wgd29ya3MuIEl0IHNob3dzIHlvdSBob3cgdG8gc29sdmUgdGhlIHNhbWUgcHJvYmxlbSBpbiBtdWx0aXBsZSB3YXlzLCBzbyB5b3UgY2FuIGNvbXBhcmUgdG9vbHMuIEFuZCBpdCBsb29rcyBhdCBuZXcgdG9vbHMgdGhhdCBtaWdodCBwb3NzaWJseSBzaGlwIHdpdGggZnV0dXJlIHZlcnNpb25zIG9mIHJ1YnkuIiwiY29sb3IiOm51bGwsImJhY2tncm91bmQiOm51bGx9LHsibmFtZSI6ImF1dGhvciIsInRleHQiOiJCeSAqQWxleCBCcmFoYSBTdG9sbCoiLCJjb2xvciI6bnVsbCwiYmFja2dyb3VuZCI6bnVsbH0seyJuYW1lIjoidGFncyIsInRleHQiOiIjcnVieSIsImNvbG9yIjpudWxsLCJiYWNrZ3JvdW5kIjpudWxsfV0&s=54656063367fab4973a28839975d6faf5ce64d547709dd2df0606d455e7b01c9)](https://rubyweekly.com/link/83833/ad5e785e3b)

</div>

As a Ruby developer you probably use tools like Sidekiq that rely on
concurrency. But would you know how to \*build\* your own sidekiq, or
add concurrency to an existing app? This article will open Ruby's
concurrency to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build a WhatsApp chatbot with Ruby, Sinatra and
Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/blog/whatsapp-chatbot-ruby-sinatra-twilio)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.twilio.com/content/dam/twilio-com/core-assets/social/twilio-blog-default-ogimage.png)](https://www.twilio.com/blog/whatsapp-chatbot-ruby-sinatra-twilio)

</div>

Find out how easy it is to build a chatbot for WhatsApp using the Twilio
API for WhatsApp and the Ruby web framework Sinatra.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby on Rails project RuboCop setup with RSpec - Hix on
Rails](https://hixonrails.com/ruby-on-rails-tutorials/ruby-on-rails-project-rubocop-setup-with-rspec)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Distance calculation in Ruby using
RGeo](https://www.reddit.com/r/rubyonrails/comments/dexts9/distance_calculation_in_ruby_using_rgeo)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://external-preview.redd.it/BSXG3R40nLm97ab5wMnbcdOvEqM1HtA4-KNM2vn7-do.jpg?auto=webp&s=76ff1c57159ecd0635bde7262995c5f75ea5b2bf)](https://www.reddit.com/r/rubyonrails/comments/dexts9/distance_calculation_in_ruby_using_rgeo)

</div>

22K subscribers in the rubyonrails community. Everything RoR! Ruby on
Rails, often simply Rails, is an open source web application framework
which…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Debugging hidden memory leaks in
Ruby](https://samsaffron.com/archive/2019/10/08/debugging-unmanaged-and-hidden-memory-leaks-in-ruby)

</div>

Sam's Spot - Sam saffron's web log

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Practical Linked List in
Ruby](https://www.rubyguides.com/2017/08/ruby-linked-list)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.rubyguides.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/linked-list-featured.png)](https://www.rubyguides.com/2017/08/ruby-linked-list)

</div>

This is the 3rd entry in the "Practical Computer Science in Ruby"
series! Today we are going to talk about linked list. So what's a linked
list? Like the name says, a linked list is a way

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby Literals You May Not Know -
citizen428.net](https://citizen428.net/blog/ruby_literals_you_may_not_know)

</div>

In programming the term “literal” refers to notations for representing
certain values in code. Almost all languages offer them for atomic types
such as strings or various number formats, some also for compound types
like arrays, records or hashes. Additionally lambda expressions are a
literal representation of functions. Ruby has a rich set of literals for
various use cases and in this post we’re going to explore some of the
lesser known ones.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Getting output of system() calls in Ruby - Stack
Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/690151/getting-output-of-system-calls-in-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/stackoverflow/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=c78bd457575a)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/690151/getting-output-of-system-calls-in-ruby)

</div>

If I call a command using Kernel#system in Ruby, how do I get its
output? system("ls")

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Building a Slack App using Ruby and
Sinatra](https://dev.to/runtime-revolution/building-a-slack-app-using-ruby-and-sinatra-2ie4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fcl.ly%2F280843cc87da%2Fdownload%2FImage%25202019-03-11%2520at%252012.44.24%2520PM.png)](https://dev.to/runtime-revolution/building-a-slack-app-using-ruby-and-sinatra-2ie4)

</div>

Photo by Morre Christophe on Unsplash My team at Runtime Revolution uses
an in-house app for team ma...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Awesome Ruby](https://ruby.libhunt.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn-b.libhunt.com/assets/logos/ruby/logo-897aedba247dd0601aa36a47d133202c65cdf36da45e9baa3d5f8ce0e790a865.png)](https://ruby.libhunt.com)

</div>

Your go-to Ruby Toolbox. A collection of awesome Ruby gems, tools,
frameworks and software. 1319 projects organized into 137 categories.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GraphQL - Welcome](http://graphql-ruby.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using Codeship for Ruby Application
Deployments](https://dev.to/kellyjandrews/using-codeship-for-ruby-application-deployments)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fblog.codeship.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F06%2FHeading_Using-Codeship-for-Ruby-Application-Deployments.jpg)](https://dev.to/kellyjandrews/using-codeship-for-ruby-application-deployments)

</div>

In the first part of this series, I walked through developing a simple
todo API using Ruby on Rails and PostgreSQL using Docker Compose. In
this post, I will cover creating a CI/CD pipeline using Codeship Pro.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Builder design pattern in Ruby – kkempin’s dev blog –
Medium](https://medium.com/kkempin/builder-design-pattern-in-ruby-dfa2d557ff1b)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*3rGRbrxvRmFojntGYuDfbw.jpeg)](https://medium.com/kkempin/builder-design-pattern-in-ruby-dfa2d557ff1b)

</div>

Builder pattern in Ruby is useful when the algorithm how to build an
object is something independent of the parts that makes the object.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[cucumber/cucumber-ruby: Cucumber for
Ruby](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/45336a9402ec80589a5d7af5089fe7d7728f88104d1b6bfdf0f9b39a7e179578/cucumber/cucumber-ruby)](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-ruby)

</div>

Cucumber for Ruby. It's amazing!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cucumber Ruby
Testing](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cucumber/cucumber_ruby_testing.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/images/tp_logo_436.png)](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cucumber/cucumber_ruby_testing.htm)

</div>

Cucumber - Ruby Testing - Ruby language has the following advantages ?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Concurrency Models with Ruby. Part
II](https://dev.to/exaspark/introduction-to-concurrency-models-with-ruby-part-ii)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/exaspark/introduction-to-concurrency-models-with-ruby-part-ii)

</div>

In the second part of our series we will take a look at more advanced
concurrency models such as Actors, Communicating Sequential Processes,
Software Transactional Memory and of course Guilds – a new concurrency
model which may be implemented in Ruby 3.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build a fast, secured and free static site in less than three
hours](https://fillmem.com/post/self-hosted-fast-secured-and-free-static-site)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[arbox/data-science-with-ruby: Practical Data Science with Ruby based
tools.](https://github.com/arbox/data-science-with-ruby)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/7990ad6634d76d35106886b850bc24fb2cfe6800f283f8ab61aa8ca69be38389/arbox/data-science-with-ruby)](https://github.com/arbox/data-science-with-ruby)

</div>

Practical Data Science with Ruby based tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Metaprogramming: Writing in Ruby with... Ruby \|
Toptal](https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-metaprogramming-cooler-than-it-sounds)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8958317/og_image/optimized/0122-RubyMetaprogramming-Waldek_Social-1a577c94337695304f78bf56b1df2e20.png)](https://www.toptal.com/ruby/ruby-metaprogramming-cooler-than-it-sounds)

</div>

Ruby metaprogramming, one of the most interesting aspects of Ruby,
enables the programming language to achieve an extreme level of
expressiveness. It is because of this very feature that many gems, such
as RSpec and ActiveRecord, can work the way they do. In this article,
Toptal engineer Nikola Todorovic demystifies...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Batching – A powerful way to solve N 1 queries every Rubyist should
know](https://engineering.universe.com/batching-a-powerful-way-to-solve-n-1-queries-every-rubyist-should-know-24e20c6e7b94)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*g3WjikcHIkon-5lAjCKQRw.jpeg)](https://engineering.universe.com/batching-a-powerful-way-to-solve-n-1-queries-every-rubyist-should-know-24e20c6e7b94)

</div>

In this post I’m going to tell you about batching as a technique to help
avoid N+1 queries, existing battle-tested tools like Haskell Haxl…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding a fundamental Ruby abstraction for concurrency \| via
@codeshi](https://blog.codeship.com/understanding-fundamental-ruby-abstraction-concurrency)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/vtn4rfaw6n2j/21cgZvaG1AZmO7vbGPyXZ4/cb64e709ddbb48a040e16c38e6fddc4f/https___blog.codeship.com_wp-content_uploads_2016_06_threadpool-428287d8.png?w=1200&h=630&fit=fill)](https://blog.codeship.com/understanding-fundamental-ruby-abstraction-concurrency)

</div>

In this post

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Martinosis
Blog](http://blog.martinosis.com/blog/simple-functional-strong-params-in-ruby)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Five Ruby Methods You Should Be
Using](https://www.engineyard.com/blog/five-ruby-methods-you-should-be-using)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.engineyard.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/ey-five.png)](https://www.engineyard.com/blog/five-ruby-methods-you-should-be-using)

</div>

Here’s a look at some lesser-known Ruby methods that solve specific
types of problems very well.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Class Methods In Ruby: a Thorough Review & Why I Define Them Using
class](https://medium.com/rubyinside/class-methods-in-ruby-a-thorough-review-and-why-i-define-them-using-class-self-af677ede9596)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*qlynKY-Chr209LnJWhoE0A.jpeg)](https://medium.com/rubyinside/class-methods-in-ruby-a-thorough-review-and-why-i-define-them-using-class-self-af677ede9596)

</div>

Class methods are the source for continuous discussions and
disagreements among my colleagues. While some consider them precise and…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Awesome Ruby](http://awesome-ruby.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://awesome-ruby.com/images/logo_l.png)](http://awesome-ruby.com)

</div>

A collection of awesome Ruby libraries, tools, frameworks and software.
The essential Ruby to build modern Apps and Web Apps.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[25 Ruby Gems I use in almost every SaaS project – Hacker
Noon](https://hackernoon.com/27-gems-i-use-in-almost-every-project-832986551df8?hn=11)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ruby “execute shell command” examples \|
alvinalexander.com](https://alvinalexander.com/blog/post/ruby/how-execute-external-shell-command-expansion)

</div>

</div>

</div>
