<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# sentiment-analysis

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python libs for sentiment
analysis](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/11/10/top-12-python-libraries-for-sentiment-analysis/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/Screenshot-2024-11-10-at-9.16.30%E2%80%AFPM-1024x658.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/11/10/top-12-python-libraries-for-sentiment-analysis/)

</div>

Sentiment analysis, i.e., determining the emotional tone of a text, has
become a crucial tool for researchers, developers, and businesses to
comprehend social media trends, consumer feedback, and other topics.
With its robust library ecosystem, Python provides a vast choice of
tools to improve and streamline sentiment analysis processes. Through
the use of these libraries, data scientists can easily create precise
sentiment models using pre-trained models and sophisticated machine
learning frameworks. In this post, the top 12 Python sentiment analysis
libraries have been discussed, emphasizing their salient
characteristics, advantages, and uses.  TextBlob  A popular Python
sentiment analysis toolkit, TextBlob is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Add Labels to a Dataset for Sentiment
Analysis](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/11/24/add-labels-to-a-dataset-for-sentiment-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/Learn-to-Add-Labels-to-Unlabeled-Data-for-Sentiment-Analysis.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2021/11/24/add-labels-to-a-dataset-for-sentiment-analysis)

</div>

In this article, I will present a tutorial on how to add labels to a
dataset for sentiment analysis using Python. Adding labels to a dataset.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sentiment Analysis — Comparing 3 Common Approaches: Naive Bayes, LSTM,
and](https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-comparing-3-common-approaches-naive-bayes-lstm-and-vader-ab561f834f89)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:974/1*8RZ-43p0vFmdOBu1SHjyDg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-comparing-3-common-approaches-naive-bayes-lstm-and-vader-ab561f834f89)

</div>

Sentiment Analysis, or Opinion Mining, is a subfield of NLP (Natural
Language Processing) that aims to extract attitudes, appraisals,
opinions, and emotions from text. Inspired by the rapid migration…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Aspect-Based Sentiment Analysis Using Spacy &
TextBlob](https://towardsdatascience.com/aspect-based-sentiment-analysis-using-spacy-textblob-4c8de3e0d2b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_UlqysH3bV99ZniJpnOlPA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/aspect-based-sentiment-analysis-using-spacy-textblob-4c8de3e0d2b9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Estimate sentiment for specific topics or attributes

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Tell Stories with Sentiment
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-tell-stories-with-sentiment-analysis-f94cf9f8ca71?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/0*oISKrIddhEUrO2mV.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-tell-stories-with-sentiment-analysis-f94cf9f8ca71?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A journalist’s attempt at introducing math to the newsroom while
analyzing QAnon

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Twitter Sentiment Analysis Algorithms
Compared](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-twitter-sentiment-analysis-algorithms-compared-23e2d2c63d90?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*kJawLKlRt398g2xy.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-twitter-sentiment-analysis-algorithms-compared-23e2d2c63d90?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

12 sentiment analysis algorithms were compared on the accuracy of tweet
classification. The fasText deep learning system was the winner.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Browse the State-of-the-Art in Machine Learning \| Papers With
Code](https://paperswithcode.com/task/sentiment-analysis)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://production-media.paperswithcode.com/tasks/sentiment-analysis.png)](https://paperswithcode.com/task/sentiment-analysis)

</div>

\*\*Sentiment Analysis\*\* is the task of classifying the polarity of a
given text. For instance, a text-based tweet can be categorized into
either "positive", "negative", or "neutral". Given the text and
accompanying labels, a model can be trained to predict the correct
sentiment. \*\*Sentiment Analysis\*\* techniques can be categorized into
machine learning approaches, lexicon-based approaches, and even hybrid
methods. Some subcategories of research in sentiment analysis include:
multimodal sentiment analysis, aspect-based sentiment analysis,
fine-grained opinion analysis, language specific sentiment analysis.
More recently, deep learning techniques, such as RoBERTa and T5, are
used to train high-performing sentiment classifiers that are evaluated
using metrics like F1, recall, and precision. To evaluate sentiment
analysis systems, benchmark datasets like SST, GLUE, and IMDB movie
reviews are used. Further readings: - \[Sentiment Analysis Based on Deep
Learning: A Comparative
Study\](https://paperswithcode.com/paper/sentiment-analysis-based-on-deep-learning-a)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Twitter Sentiment Analysis with
Node.js](https://towardsdatascience.com/twitter-sentiment-analysis-with-node-js-ae1ed8dd8fa7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1000/1*vp1M37AGMOFwCvLxVm62IA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/twitter-sentiment-analysis-with-node-js-ae1ed8dd8fa7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How people are talking about your brand

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quick Introduction to Sentiment
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/quick-introduction-to-sentiment-analysis-74bd3dfb536c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*TUqC3XRqvzErhnFC4h1Rcw@2x.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/quick-introduction-to-sentiment-analysis-74bd3dfb536c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

What is sentiment analysis, how to perform it, and how it can help your
business.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Text
Analytics](https://monkeylearn.com/blog/aspect-based-sentiment-analysis)

</div>

Medallia's text analytics software tool provides actionable insights via
customer and employee experience sentiment data analysis from reviews &
comments.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Measuring the varied sentiments of good and bad
words](https://flowingdata.com/2018/10/09/measuring-the-varied-sentiments-of-good-and-bad-words)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/How-good-is-good.jpg?fit=1024%2C1112&quality=89&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2018/10/09/measuring-the-varied-sentiments-of-good-and-bad-words)

</div>

There was a survey a while back that asked people to provide a 0 to 100
percent value to probabilistic words like “usually” and “likely”. YouGov
did something similar for wo…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Emotion and Sentiment Analysis: A Practitioner’s Guide to
NLP](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/08/emotion-sentiment-analysis-practitioners-guide-nlp-5.html)

</div>

Sentiment analysis is widely used, especially as a part of social media
analysis for any domain, be it a business, a recent movie, or a product
launch, to understand its reception by the people and what they think of
it based on their opinions or, you guessed it, sentiment!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understanding what is behind Sentiment Analysis (Part
II)](https://building.lang.ai/understanding-what-is-behind-sentiment-analysis-part-ii-9307926d1435)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*C3NmcJgvF0da8w6A.)](https://building.lang.ai/understanding-what-is-behind-sentiment-analysis-part-ii-9307926d1435)

</div>

Fine-tuning our sentiment classifier

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Handling ‘Happy’ vs ‘Not Happy’: Better sentiment analysis with
sentimentr](https://www.r-bloggers.com/handling-happy-vs-not-happy-better-sentiment-analysis-with-sentimentr-in-r)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://datascienceplus.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/polarity-490x87.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/handling-happy-vs-not-happy-better-sentiment-analysis-with-sentimentr-in-r)

</div>

Sentiment Analysis is one of the most obvious things Data Analysts with
unlabelled Text data (with no score or no rating) end up doing in an
attempt to extract some insights out of it and the same Sentiment
analysis is also one of the potential research areas for any NLP
(Natural Language Processing) enthusiasts. For \[…\] Related Post
Creating Reporting Template with Glue in R Predict Employee Turnover
With Python Making a Shiny dashboard using ‘highcharter’ – Analyzing
Inflation Rates Time Series Analysis in R Part 2: Time Series
Transformations Time Series Analysis in R Part 1: The Time Series Object

</div>

</div>
