<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# seo

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google Attracts 1.6 Trillion Visitors Or 34x Compared To ChatGPT As It
Dominates Search Engine
Battle](https://wccftech.com/google-attracts-1-6-trillion-visitors-or-34x-compared-to-chatgpt-as-it-dominates-search-engine-battle/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/Sam-Altman-1456x818.jpg)](https://wccftech.com/google-attracts-1-6-trillion-visitors-or-34x-compared-to-chatgpt-as-it-dominates-search-engine-battle/)

</div>

Despite rapid growth, AI chatbots are yet to make a dent to search
engines says fresh data. Take a look here for more!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Beyond Pageviews: Measure Content Performance And User Engagement In
GA4](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/ga4-measure-content-performance-user-engagement/524688/?blaid=6709599)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/ga4-metrics-2-161.png)](https://www.searchenginejournal.com/ga4-measure-content-performance-user-engagement/524688/?blaid=6709599)

</div>

GA4 provides valuable insights into user interactions on your website.
Learn how to analyze key metrics like sessions, session duration, and
events to refine your digital strategy.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced SEO: How to level up your keyword
strategy](https://searchengineland.com/advanced-seo-keyword-strategy-447751)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/10/Advanced-SEO-How-to-incorporate-customer-sophistication-to-drive-long-term-growth.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/advanced-seo-keyword-strategy-447751)

</div>

Here's a framework to analyze user sophistication, prioritize
high-intent keywords and engage all decision-makers along the customer
journey.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SEO for Ecommerce Product
Pages](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/seo-for-ecommerce-product-pages)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/SEO-for-Ecommerce-Product-Pages.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/seo-for-ecommerce-product-pages)

</div>

The content on a product page determines its search engine visibility.
Here are five content tactics for better product page rankings.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The ultimate guide to HTTP status codes for
SEO](https://searchengineland.com/http-status-codes-seo-guide-446700)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/09/The-ultimate-guide-to-HTTP-status-codes-for-SEO.png)](https://searchengineland.com/http-status-codes-seo-guide-446700)

</div>

Learn important HTTP status codes for SEO, how they affect website
performance and the tools you need to monitor and resolve issues.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The ultimate guide to HTTP headers for
SEO](https://searchengineland.com/http-headers-seo-guide-447577)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/10/The-ultimate-guide-to-HTTP-headers-for-SEO.png)](https://searchengineland.com/http-headers-seo-guide-447577)

</div>

Learn what HTTP headers are, how they influence website performance and
security and best practices for optimization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[On being laid off & unplanned entrepreneurship - Deep South
Ventures](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/on-being-laid-off-unplanned-entrepreneurship)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/wp-content/uploads/highlands-nc-whiteside-mountain-nc.jpeg)](https://www.deepsouthventures.com/on-being-laid-off-unplanned-entrepreneurship)

</div>

〰️ it’s weird to look back; I sometimes get confused on how I got here
〰️ Most folks dream of being entrepreneur; “a path that seemed
inevitable“, they say. None of that shit applies to me. I’m only here
cause I kept getting laid off and that nonsense infuriated me. I treated
my first layoff ... Read more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A guide to investigating digital ad
libraries](https://open.substack.com/pub/digitalinvestigations/p/a-guide-to-investigating-digital)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F8f4c8fba-6705-452c-95be-01888d801078_1792x1024.webp)](https://open.substack.com/pub/digitalinvestigations/p/a-guide-to-investigating-digital)

</div>

How to dig into ad libraries from Google, Meta and other platforms to
track spending, narratives, campaigns and more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Free tools for investigating digital
ads](https://digitalinvestigations.substack.com/p/free-tools-for-investigating-digital)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1510511336377-1a9caa095849?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=max&fm=jpg&ixid=MnwzMDAzMzh8MHwxfHNlYXJjaHw1OXx8ZGlnaXRhbCUyMGFkdmVydGlzaW5nfGVufDB8fHx8MTY3MTE5MjcxMw&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&q=80&w=1080)](https://digitalinvestigations.substack.com/p/free-tools-for-investigating-digital)

</div>

Originally published Feb. 17, 2022

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Massive 2,500-Page Google Document Leaked, Exposing Secret Search
Ranking
A](https://wccftech.com/google-leaked-document-for-ranking-on-search)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Google-Document-Leaked.jpg)](https://wccftech.com/google-leaked-document-for-ranking-on-search)

</div>

A Google document has leaked online that aims to include thousands of
APIs aiming to rank better on Google Search for ranking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google Search Parameters (2024
Guide)](https://dev.to/serpapi/google-search-parameters-2024-guide-1k0g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F3kqado0f7zv33f87ptsj.jpg)](https://dev.to/serpapi/google-search-parameters-2024-guide-1k0g)

</div>

The Google Search URL parameters are important to understand whether you
are maximizing the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How 16 Companies are Dominating the World’s Google Search Results (2023
Edi](https://detailed.com/google-control)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://detailed.com/wp-content/uploads/16-companies-2024.jpg)](https://detailed.com/google-control)

</div>

A deep-dive into how far fewer companies than you think have taken a
hold of Google's search results.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Search Engine Land’s Periodic Table of SEO Elements goes interactive
for
20](https://searchengineland.com/periodic-table-of-seo-elements-2024-update-438070)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/03/seo-periodic-table-search-engine-land.png)](https://searchengineland.com/periodic-table-of-seo-elements-2024-update-438070)

</div>

The new interactive table features 44 elements in seven groups –
Content, Architecture, Code, Credibility, Links, User and Performance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Boost Your Traffic in Google Discover -
Moz](https://moz.com/blog/boost-traffic-google-discover?blaid=5687512)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://moz.com/images/blog/Blog-OG-images/OG-Clara-Soteras-Google-Discover.png?w=1200&h=630&q=82&auto=format&fit=clip&dm=1707411741&s=e06d909f3a319c4ac9986c9a5e45f791)](https://moz.com/blog/boost-traffic-google-discover?blaid=5687512)

</div>

Explore the intricate world of Google Discover and elevate your content
strategy with insights from top SEO experts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tools to Export Google’s
SERPs](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tools-to-export-googles-serps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Tools-to-Export-Googles-SERPs.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tools-to-export-googles-serps)

</div>

Knowing the URLs in search engine result pages leads to further
analysis, such as referring domains, page authority, word count, and
more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A technical guide to video
SEO](https://searchengineland.com/video-seo-technical-guide-437837)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/02/A-technical-guide-to-video-SEO.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/video-seo-technical-guide-437837)

</div>

Discover advanced SEO techniques for video content, including
self-hosting versus YouTube embedding and fool-proof indexing checks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SEO KPIs: Embracing user-centric
metrics](https://searchengineland.com/seo-kpis-embracing-user-centric-metrics-437166)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/02/Measuring-SEO-KPIs-How-to-embrace-a-user-centric-framework.png)](https://searchengineland.com/seo-kpis-embracing-user-centric-metrics-437166)

</div>

Go beyond static SEO metrics. Integrate dynamic, user-centric KPIs to
gain meaningful insights into evolving user behaviors and search trends.

</div>

</div>
