<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# sqlite

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Import a CSV File Into an SQLite
Table](https://www.sqlitetutorial.net/sqlite-import-csv/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.sqlitetutorial.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/SQLite-Import-csv-to-table-Step-1.png)](https://www.sqlitetutorial.net/sqlite-import-csv/)

</div>

This tutorial shows you various ways to import CSV data into an SQLite
table using sqlite3 and SQLite Studio tools.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite-s3vfs](https://simonwillison.net/2025/Feb/7/sqlite-s3vfs/#atom-everything)

</div>

Neat open source project on the GitHub organisation for the UK
government's Department for Business and Trade: a "Python virtual
filesystem for SQLite to read from and write to S3." …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Supercharge SQLite with Ruby
Functions](https://blog.julik.nl/2025/01/supercharge-sqlite-with-ruby-functions)

</div>

An interesting twist in my recent usage of SQLite was the fact that I
noticed my research scripts and the database intertwine more. SQLite is
unique in that it really lives in-process, unlike standalone database
servers. There is a feature to that which does not get used very
frequently, but can be indispensable in some situations. By the way, the
talk about the system that made me me to explore SQLite in anger can now
be seen here. Normally it is your Ruby (or Python, or Go, or whatever)
program which calls SQLite to make it “do stuff”. Most calls will be
mapped to a native call like sqlite3_exec() which will do “SQLite
things” and return you a result, converted into data structures
accessible to your runtime. But there is another possible direction
here - SQLite can actually call your code instead.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Collection of insane and fun facts about SQLite -
blag](https://avi.im/blag/2024/sqlite-facts/)

</div>

Some of the interesting and insane facts I learned about SQLite

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite-vec v0.1.0 Released: Portable Vector Database Extension for
SQLite
w](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/08/04/sqlite-vec-v0-1-0-released-portable-vector-database-extension-for-sqlite-with-support-for-1-million-128-dimensional-vectors-binary-quantization-and-extensive-sdks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Screenshot-2024-08-04-at-12.44.21-AM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/08/04/sqlite-vec-v0-1-0-released-portable-vector-database-extension-for-sqlite-with-support-for-1-million-128-dimensional-vectors-binary-quantization-and-extensive-sdks)

</div>

Alex Garcia announced the much-anticipated release of sqlite-vec v0.1.0.
This new SQLite extension, written entirely in C, introduces a powerful
vector search capability to the SQLite database system. Released under
the MIT/Apache-2.0 dual license, sqlite-vec aims to be a versatile and
accessible tool for developers across various platforms and
environments. Overview of sqlite-vec The sqlite-vec extension enables
vector search functionality within SQLite by allowing the creation of
virtual tables with vector columns. Users can insert data using standard
SQL commands and perform vector searches using SELECT statements. This
integration means that vector data can be stored and queried within the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Guide to Working with SQLite Databases in
Python](https://www.kdnuggets.com/a-guide-to-working-with-sqlite-databases-in-python)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/bala-sqlite.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/a-guide-to-working-with-sqlite-databases-in-python)

</div>

Get started with SQLite databases in Python using the built-in sqlite3
module.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why SQLite Uses Bytecode](https://sqlite.org/draft/whybytecode.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite on Rails: The how and why of optimal
performance](https://fractaledmind.github.io/2024/04/15/sqlite-on-rails-the-how-and-why-of-optimal-performance)

</div>

This is my personal site, where I write about Ruby, programming, and any
of my varied fascinations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite-schema-diagram](https://gitlab.com/Screwtapello/sqlite-schema-diagram)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://gitlab.com/assets/twitter_card-570ddb06edf56a2312253c5872489847a0f385112ddbcd71ccfa1570febab5d2.jpg)](https://gitlab.com/Screwtapello/sqlite-schema-diagram)

</div>

GitLab.com

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How (and why) to run SQLite in production: RubyConf Taiwan
2023](https://fractaledmind.github.io/2023/12/23/rubyconftw)

</div>

This is my personal site, where I write about Ruby, programming, and any
of my varied fascinations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[S3 is files, but not a filesystem](https://calpaterson.com/s3.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://calpaterson.com/images/photo/cal-misc.jpeg)](https://calpaterson.com/s3.html)

</div>

"Deep" modules, mismatched interfaces - and why SAP is so painful

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Built-In Scalar SQL
Functions](https://www.sqlite.org/lang_corefunc.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[0x6b/libgsqlite](https://github.com/0x6b/libgsqlite)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/4b9fd4c0ccf9a8dab75d99f73356fe54c8c043c5889a3c731c713e2db0dc1653/0x6b/libgsqlite)](https://github.com/0x6b/libgsqlite)

</div>

A SQLite extension which loads a Google Sheet as a virtual table. -
0x6b/libgsqlite

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[openai-to-sqlite - a tool for
Datasette](https://datasette.io/tools/openai-to-sqlite)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Quirks, Caveats, and Gotchas In
SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/quirks.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scraping JSON, HTML, and ZIP Files with Pure
SQLite](https://observablehq.com/@asg017/scrape-json-html-zip-with-sqlite)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/c2de010b717366cf7cefe0d56aabb89fbfec2fba680a0e695c7ce21625f9f706.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@asg017/scrape-json-html-zip-with-sqlite)

</div>

a.k.a. leave BeautifulSoup in the past and embrace SQL I used DALL·E to
generate thumbnails for this post: “cute cartoon\|claymation abominable
snowman scraping ice off his frozen car windshield” is nightmare fuel
Some of the most common web-scraping tasks can be done in pure SQLite -
meaning no Python, Node, Ruby, or other programming languages necessary,
only the SQLite CLI and some extensions. The main extension that enables
this: sqlite-http, which allows you to make HTTP requests and sa

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite Internals: Pages &
B-trees](https://fly.io/blog/sqlite-internals-btree)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://fly.io/blog/sqlite-internals-btree/assets/sqlite-cover.webp)](https://fly.io/blog/sqlite-internals-btree)

</div>

Let's open a hex editor and see what this thing is made of

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[One-liner for running queries against CSV files with SQLite \| Simon
Williso](https://til.simonwillison.net/sqlite/one-line-csv-operations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/til.simonwillison.net/4d34654aa36fd90806d2767c87fc52c4.jpg)](https://til.simonwillison.net/sqlite/one-line-csv-operations)

</div>

I figured out how to run a SQL query directly against a CSV file using
the sqlite3 command-line utility:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite-utils: a nice way to import data into SQLite for
analysis](https://jvns.ca/blog/2022/05/12/sqlite-utils--a-nice-way-to-import-data-into-sqlite)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite3 Fiddle](https://sqlite.org/fiddle)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Wesley Aptekar-Cassels \| Consider
SQLite](https://blog.wesleyac.com/posts/consider-sqlite)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[jmoiron/sqlx: general purpose extensions to golang's
database/sql](https://github.com/jmoiron/sqlx)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/8e9d25c1ebbcd31f8829ddf43efd7a6da24908a0fe90dea11f1974cfb9c215eb/jmoiron/sqlx)](https://github.com/jmoiron/sqlx)

</div>

general purpose extensions to golang's database/sql - jmoiron/sqlx

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hosting SQLite databases on Github Pages - (or any static file
hoster) -
ph](https://phiresky.netlify.app/blog/2021/hosting-sqlite-databases-on-github-pages)

</div>

I was writing a tiny website to display statistics of how much sponsored
content a Youtube creator has over time when I noticed that I often
write a small tool as a website that queries some data from a database
and then displays it in a graph, a table, or similar. But if you want to
use a

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inserting One Billion Rows in SQLite Under a
Minute](https://avi.im/blag/2021/fast-sqlite-inserts)

</div>

This is a chronicle of my experiment where I set out to insert 1B rows
in SQLite

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ask HN: What is the SQLite of nosql
databases?](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27490361)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tricks for Advanced SQL
Querying](https://towardsdatascience.com/tricks-for-advanced-sql-querying-a09766552155)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*XXaFrkRXSg85eLIP)](https://towardsdatascience.com/tricks-for-advanced-sql-querying-a09766552155)

</div>

One of the most valuable technical skills I use working on a data
science team in the retail space is SQL…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Hitchhiker's Guide to SQLite with
Python](https://dev.to/arctype/a-hitchhiker-s-guide-to-sqlite-with-python-3c9j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fbkjooyyxlp4d7i1ovdal.png)](https://dev.to/arctype/a-hitchhiker-s-guide-to-sqlite-with-python-3c9j)

</div>

To explore SQLite along with Python, which is a user-friendly and
no-nonsense language, we are going...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite the only database you will ever need in most
cases](https://unixsheikh.com/articles/sqlite-the-only-database-you-will-ever-need-in-most-cases.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite Plus: all the missing SQLite
functions](https://github.com/nalgeon/sqlite-plus)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/343191804/9392a53d-9126-41b5-ba3f-9a4429b9a9db)](https://github.com/nalgeon/sqlite-plus)

</div>

The ultimate set of SQLite extensions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite is not a toy database \| Anton
Zhiyanov](https://antonz.org/sqlite-is-not-a-toy-database)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://antonz.org/sqlite-is-not-a-toy-database/cover.png)](https://antonz.org/sqlite-is-not-a-toy-database)

</div>

Here is why SQLite is a perfect tool for you - whether you are a
developer, data analyst, or geek.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Pandas and
SQLite](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-pandas-and-sqlite-a0e2c052456f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:343/0*-EBtMyzPlj2kRCfZ)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-pandas-and-sqlite-a0e2c052456f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using SQLite to store your Pandas dataframes gives you a persistent
store and a way of easily selecting and filtering your data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[sqlite command line cheatsheet at
DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/?ia=web&q=sqlite+command+line+cheatsheet&t=canonical)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://duckduckgo.com/assets/icons/meta/DDG-icon_256x256.png)](https://duckduckgo.com/?ia=web&q=sqlite+command+line+cheatsheet&t=canonical)

</div>

DuckDuckGo. Privacy, Simplified.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[how to exit from sqlite at
DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/?ia=web&q=how+to+exit+from+sqlite&t=canonical)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://duckduckgo.com/assets/icons/meta/DDG-icon_256x256.png)](https://duckduckgo.com/?ia=web&q=how+to+exit+from+sqlite&t=canonical)

</div>

DuckDuckGo. Privacy, Simplified.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Turn Your Excel Workbook Into A SQLite
Database](https://towardsdatascience.com/turn-your-excel-workbook-into-a-sqlite-database-bc6d4fd206aa?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*8pUcIVteZSETt3af)](https://towardsdatascience.com/turn-your-excel-workbook-into-a-sqlite-database-bc6d4fd206aa?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Transforming spreadsheets into queryable database tables

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python SQLite Tutorial — The Ultimate
Guide](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-sqlite-tutorial-the-ultimate-guide-fdcb8d7a4f30?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*xoLXyDVdjAk-oMOV1eDsbw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/python-sqlite-tutorial-the-ultimate-guide-fdcb8d7a4f30?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Everything You Need to Get Started!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SQLite small blob storage: 35% Faster Than the
Filesystem](https://www.sqlite.org/fasterthanfs.html)

</div>

</div>

</div>
