<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# ssh

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SSH Tunneling: the Good, the Bad, and the
Ugly](https://www.dbvis.com/thetable/ssh-tunneling-the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.dbvis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/og-4.png)](https://www.dbvis.com/thetable/ssh-tunneling-the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly)

</div>

Let's walk through the basic concept of SSH tunneling – what it is, how
to work with it, and what problems it can cause to users when used
improperly.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Visual Guide to SSH Tunnels: Local and Remote Port
Forwarding](https://iximiuz.com/en/posts/ssh-tunnels)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://iximiuz.com/ssh-tunnels/ssh-tunnels-2000-opt.png)](https://iximiuz.com/en/posts/ssh-tunnels)

</div>

SSH port forwarding explained in a clean and visual way. How to use
local and remote port forwarding. What sshd settings may need to be
adjusted. How to memorize the right flags.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SSH tips and tricks \| Carlos
Becker](https://carlosbecker.dev/posts/ssh-tips-and-tricks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://carlosbecker.com/)](https://carlosbecker.dev/posts/ssh-tips-and-tricks)

</div>

Since I joined Charm, I’ve been working and learning more about SSH, and
I thought I would share a few quick tips and tricks with you. Forward
Yubikey Agent If you use a Yubikey (you should), you can use it in your
remotes by having the key in a SSH agent and forwarding it. To manage
the agent, I strongly recommend yubikey-agent. You can then forward it
in your ~/.ssh/config like the following:

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[13 must-know SSH
Commands](https://www.marcobehler.com/guides/ssh-cheat-sheet)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marcobehler.com/images/guides/undraw_security_re_a2rk-6235543f.png)](https://www.marcobehler.com/guides/ssh-cheat-sheet)

</div>

A list of popular SSH commands for SSH connections, key generation & SSH
agents that I'm using on a daily basis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SSH and GPG keys](https://github.com/settings/keys)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/github-logo-55c5b9a1fe52.png)](https://github.com/settings/keys)

</div>

GitHub is where people build software. More than 100 million people use
GitHub to discover, fork, and contribute to over 420 million projects.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jacob Errington \| Roll your own Ngrok with Nginx, Letsencrypt, and SSH
reve](https://jerrington.me/posts/2019-01-29-self-hosted-ngrok.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SSH Kung Fu](https://blog.tjll.net/ssh-kung-fu)

</div>

An extended look at SSH features that can serve a variety of purposes
for different use cases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SSH Tricks](https://serversforhackers.com/ssh-tricks)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://serversforhackers.com/img/sfh-social-lrg.png?b=1)](https://serversforhackers.com/ssh-tricks)

</div>

Amazing things you can do with SSH, including an introduction to
Ansible!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Best Practices for Securing
SSH](https://goteleport.com/blog/5-ssh-best-practices)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://goteleport.com/blog/_next/static/media/securing-ssh@2x.58c7eb6e.png)](https://goteleport.com/blog/5-ssh-best-practices)

</div>

This article explores 5 SSH best practices you should observe to boost
the security of your infrastructure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[22 SSH Examples, Practical Tips & Tunnels \|
HackerTarget.com](https://hackertarget.com/ssh-examples-tunnels)

</div>

Bounce through the network with SSH tunnels and proxies. Take your
remote system administration skills to the next level with our practical
SSH examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[http://blog.urfix.com/25-ssh-commands-tricks/](http://blog.urfix.com/25-ssh-commands-tricks)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to SSH into a Self-driving Vehicle
(2020)](https://goteleport.com/blog/how-ssh-into-a-self-driving-vehicle)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://goteleport.com/blog/_next/static/media/iot-header.92751699.png)](https://goteleport.com/blog/how-ssh-into-a-self-driving-vehicle)

</div>

You can SSH into self-driving robots using a reverse SSH tunnel, but
this method only scales so far, and it requires more than 50 steps to
set up.

</div>

</div>
