<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# teamwork

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Secret Code of Pickup
Basketball](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2024/06/pickup-basketball-sociology/678677)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/thumbor/a6U3s2kmpuFSXFuOXz59sNw8eT8=/0x49:2296x1245/1200x625/media/img/mt/2024/06/GS1879343/original.jpg)](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2024/06/pickup-basketball-sociology/678677)

</div>

The game presents a social problem: How does one find comity among a
group of jostling strangers?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Encourage Your Team to Give You Honest
Feedback](https://hbr.org/2022/10/how-to-encourage-your-team-to-give-you-honest-feedback)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2022/10/Oct22_28_1086475.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2022/10/how-to-encourage-your-team-to-give-you-honest-feedback)

</div>

Far too often, team members expect to be given downward feedback, but
unless they’re explicitly invited to offer upward feedback, they won’t
know that it’s even an option. As a manager, it’s your job to ask your
employees for feedback on your own performance. How else will you know
what you should keep doing and what you should be doing differently?
Nevertheless, you might find that your direct reports are reluctant to
give you the feedback you need to improve, or even sustain, what’s
working. This article addresses five common barriers that managers face
in getting helpful feedback from direct reports, and how to address them
so that you can gain the insights you need.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Exercise to Help Your Team Feel More Comfortable with
Conflict](https://hbr.org/2019/03/an-exercise-to-help-your-team-feel-more-comfortable-with-conflict)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2019/03/Mar19_14_667758797.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2019/03/an-exercise-to-help-your-team-feel-more-comfortable-with-conflict)

</div>

The ability to get issues on the table and work through them
constructively is critical to having a healthy culture. Managers can
normalize productive conflict on your team by using an exercise to map
out the unique value of each role and the tensions that should exist
among them. Draw a circle and divide that circle into enough wedges to
represent each role on your team. For each role, ask: What is the unique
value of this role on this team? On which stakeholders is this role
focused? What is the most common tension this role puts on team
discussions? Answer those questions for each member of the team, filling
in the wedges with the answers. As you go, emphasize how the different
roles are supposed to be in tension with one another. With heightened
awareness and a shared language, your team will start to realize that
much of what they have been interpreting as interpersonal friction has
actually been perfectly healthy role-based tension.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What Silicon Valley "Gets" about Software Engineers that Traditional
Compan](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/what-silicon-valley-gets-right-on-software-engineers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/content/images/size/w1200/2020/10/Screenshot-2020-10-20-at-16.29.33.png)](https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/what-silicon-valley-gets-right-on-software-engineers)

</div>

I've worked at various tech companies: from "traditional" shops and
consultancies, through an investment bank, to high-growth tech firms.
I've also talked with software engineers working at startups, banking,
automotive, big tech, and more "traditional" companies. This mix had a
healthy sample of Silicon-Valley companies and ones headquartered
outside this

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Surprising Power of Simply Asking Coworkers How They’re
Doing](https://hbr.org/2019/02/the-surprising-power-of-simply-asking-coworkers-how-theyre-doing)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2019/02/Feb19_28_550382887_Plume-Creative.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2019/02/the-surprising-power-of-simply-asking-coworkers-how-theyre-doing)

</div>

A recent EY survey found that more than 40% of U.S. respondents reported
feeling physically and emotionally isolated in the workplace. This group
spanned generations, genders and ethnicities. People want more
connection with those they work with. So how can companies connect more
effectively with employees and help them feel like they belong within
their workplace community? The survey points to one simple solution:
establish more opportunities for colleagues to check in with one
another. 39% of respondents feel the greatest sense of belonging when
their colleagues check in with them, both personally and professionally.
By reaching out and acknowledging their employees on a personal level,
companies and leaders can significantly enhance the employee experience
by making their people feel valued and connected.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Research: Whistleblowers Are a Sign of Healthy
Companies](https://hbr.org/2018/11/research-whistleblowers-are-a-sign-of-healthy-companies)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://hbr.org/resources/images/article_assets/2018/11/nov18_14_76692701.jpg)](https://hbr.org/2018/11/research-whistleblowers-are-a-sign-of-healthy-companies)

</div>

An analysis of more than 1.2 million records of internal reports made by
employees of public U.S. companies reveals that whistleblowers are
crucial to keeping firms healthy. The more employees use internal
whistleblowing hotlines, the fewer lawsuits companies face, and the less
money firms pay out in settlements. A one standard deviation increase in
the use of an internal reporting system is associated with 6.9% fewer
pending lawsuits and 20.4% less in aggregate settlement amounts over a
three-year period.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Design the Team You Need to
Succeed](http://eleganthack.com/design-the-team-you-need-to-succeed)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/1280-justice-league-ross-jlajpg-884ae6_1280w.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/design-the-team-you-need-to-succeed)

</div>

Part One: Types of Teams Written to sort out my thoughts for my UXDC
keynote. If you’d like me to speak at your conference on high performing
teams, check out cwodtke.com “High Performing Team” is …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing High Performing
Teams](http://eleganthack.com/designing-high-performing-teams)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://eleganthack.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/justice-league.jpg)](http://eleganthack.com/designing-high-performing-teams)

</div>

This is Part 2 of a three part series on high performing teams. Part one
is of Design the Team You Need to Succeed Now you’ve decided you want
more than a workgroup, what should you do? What does i…

</div>

</div>
