<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# tensorflow

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Google AI Releases TensorFlow GNN 1.0 (TF-GNN): A Production-Tested
Library](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/02/16/google-ai-releases-tensorflow-gnn-1-0-tf-gnn-a-production-tested-library-for-building-gnns-at-scale)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/image2.gif)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/02/16/google-ai-releases-tensorflow-gnn-1-0-tf-gnn-a-production-tested-library-for-building-gnns-at-scale)

</div>

Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are deep learning methods that operate on
graphs and are used to perform inference on data described by graphs.
Graphs have been used in mathematics and computer science for a long
time and give solutions to complex problems by forming a network of
nodes connected by edges in various irregular ways. Traditional ML
algorithms allow only regular and uniform relations between input
objects, struggle to handle complex relationships, and fail to
understand objects and their connections which is crucial for many
real-world data. Google researchers added a new library in TensorFlow,
called TensorFlow GNN 1.0 (TF-GNN)

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How AMD May Get Across the CUDA
Moat](https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/10/05/how-amd-may-get-across-the-cuda-moat)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.hpcwire.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/AMD-MI300A.png)](https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/10/05/how-amd-may-get-across-the-cuda-moat)

</div>

When discussing GenAI, the term "GPU" almost always enters the
conversation and the topic often moves toward performance and access.
Interestingly, the word "GPU" is assumed to mean "Nvidia" products. (As
an aside, the popular Nvidia hardware used in GenAI are not
technically...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why TensorFlow for Python is dying a slow
death](https://thenextweb.com/news/why-tensorflow-for-python-is-dying-a-slow-death)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img-cdn.tnwcdn.com/image/tnw-blurple?filter_last=1&fit=1280%2C640&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn0.tnwcdn.com%2Fwp-content%2Fblogs.dir%2F1%2Ffiles%2F2023%2F01%2FAdd-a-heading-1.jpg&signature=a59a25eca66453bf93e044239c29b88c)](https://thenextweb.com/news/why-tensorflow-for-python-is-dying-a-slow-death)

</div>

Many developers who use Python for machine learning are now switching to
PyTorch. Find out why and what the future could hold for TensorFlow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Real-time SKU detection in the browser using
TensorFlow.js](https://blog.tensorflow.org/2022/05/real-time-sku-detection-in-browser.html?linkId=8068696&m=1)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiXJKi_ujdUUveIPpH2BeriYxl3K7TzTUfsocSRD1xKulteBDQZkZYmQBB1z_yW4C6orHg825mRAhFCJTEuOrtHjpMFpVUVcBUCQ33OYwkmPRDKdTs9oH4RBHrb2Ay9p_j3bDhsIfjwzukA1Sr-uT0uSXA_kpXnJSi62XSi0bHPDsaPMlQZZyGReTiB/s1600/image7.png)](https://blog.tensorflow.org/2022/05/real-time-sku-detection-in-browser.html?linkId=8068696&m=1)

</div>

Realtime and offline SKU detection in the browser using Tensorflow.js

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Ultimate TensorFlow-GPU Installation Guide For 2022 And
Beyond](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-ultimate-tensorflow-gpu-installation-guide-for-2022-and-beyond-27a88f5e6c6e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*_ouolRTZtZ1LXMl5z_BVXw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-ultimate-tensorflow-gpu-installation-guide-for-2022-and-beyond-27a88f5e6c6e)

</div>

The Ultimate Guide To Always Install The Latest GPU Version Of
TensorFlow on your PC no matter what

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Engineering Trade-Offs in Automatic Differentiation: from TensorFlow
and
Py](http://www.stochasticlifestyle.com/engineering-trade-offs-in-automatic-differentiation-from-tensorflow-and-pytorch-to-jax-and-julia)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.stochasticlifestyle.com/wp-content/themes/chrisrack/style/faviPic2.PNG)](http://www.stochasticlifestyle.com/engineering-trade-offs-in-automatic-differentiation-from-tensorflow-and-pytorch-to-jax-and-julia)

</div>

To understand the differences between automatic differentiation
libraries, let’s talk about the engineering trade-offs that were made. I
would personally say that none of these libraries are “better” than
another, they simply all make engineering trade-offs based on the
domains and use cases they were aiming to satisfy. The easiest way to
describe these trade-offs is to follow the evolution and see how each
new library tweaked the trade-offs made of the previous. Early
TensorFlow used a graph building system, i.e. it required users to
essentially define variables in a specific graph language separate from
the host language. You had to define “TensorFlow variables” and
“TensorFlow ops”, and the AD would then be performed on this static
graph. Control flow constructs were limited to the constructs that could
be represented statically. For example, an \`ifelse\` function statement
is very different from ... READ MORE

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyTorch vs TensorFlow in
2023](https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/pytorch-vs-tensorflow-in-2022)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/content/images/size/w1200/2023/01/pytorch_vs_tensorflow_2023.png)](https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/pytorch-vs-tensorflow-in-2022)

</div>

Should you use PyTorch vs TensorFlow in 2023? This guide walks through
the major pros and cons of PyTorch vs TensorFlow, and how you can pick
the right framework.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Model Compression: A Look into Reducing Model
Size](https://towardsdatascience.com/model-compression-a-look-into-reducing-model-size-8251683c338e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Em_pmyl1YhE5FwiIxKGyfQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/model-compression-a-look-into-reducing-model-size-8251683c338e?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Why is Model Compression important?  A significant problem in the arms
race to produce more accurate models is complexity, which leads to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyTorch vs. TensorFlow – a detailed
comparison](https://www.tooploox.com/blog/pytorch-vs-tensorflow-a-detailed-comparison)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://tooploox.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Keras-vs.-Pytorch_COVER-1.jpg)](https://www.tooploox.com/blog/pytorch-vs-tensorflow-a-detailed-comparison)

</div>

Delve into the comprehensive comparison of PyTorch and TensorFlow, two
leading machine learning frameworks. This article covers vital
differences in ease of use, graph definition, and deployment
capabilities, including insights on transitioning from PyTorch to
TensorFlow Lite.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Build an app to generate photorealistic faces using TensorFlow and
Streamli](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/app-generate-photorealistic-faces-tensorflow-streamlit.html)

</div>

We’ll show you how to quickly build a Streamlit app to synthesize
celebrity faces using GANs, Tensorflow, and st.cache.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[tf.data: Creating data input
pipelines](https://towardsdatascience.com/tf-data-creating-data-input-pipelines-2913461078e2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:332/1*RSmpjnP9xKHV8Y22IRn9pA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/tf-data-creating-data-input-pipelines-2913461078e2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Are you not able to load your NumPy data into memory? Does your model
have to wait for data to be loaded after each epoch? Is your Keras…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ultra-High Resolution Image Analysis with
Mesh-TensorFlow](http://ai.googleblog.com/2020/02/ultra-high-resolution-image-analysis.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-research2023-media/images/925c93cb20106e239a6e1c903699d2e5-i.width-800.format-jpeg.jpg)](http://ai.googleblog.com/2020/02/ultra-high-resolution-image-analysis.html)

</div>

Posted by Le Hou and Youlong Cheng, Software Engineers, Google Research
Deep neural network models form the backbone of most state-of-the-art
ima...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Easy Image Dataset Augmentation with TensorFlow -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/02/easy-image-dataset-augmentation-tensorflow.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/cats-data-augmentation.jpg)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/02/easy-image-dataset-augmentation-tensorflow.html)

</div>

What can we do when we don't have a substantial amount of varied
training data? This is a quick intro to using data augmentation in
TensorFlow to perform in-memory image transformations during model
training to help overcome this data impediment.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside TensorFlow: Eager execution
runtime](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjx65mD6nrc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/qjx65mD6nrc/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjx65mD6nrc)

</div>

Take an inside look into the TensorFlow team’s own internal training
sessions--technical deep dives into TensorFlow by the very people who
are building it. On this episode of Inside TensorFlow, Software Engineer
Alex Passos discusses the eager execution runtime. Let us know what you
think about this presentation in the comments below! Watch more from
Inside TensorFlow Playlist → https://goo.gle/Inside-TensorFlow Subscribe
to the TensorFlow channel → https://goo.gle/TensorFlow

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tensorflow Tutorial : Part 2 – Getting Started -
DataScienceCentral.com](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/tensorflow-tutorial-part-2-getting-started?fbclid=IwAR3oQa7DZMG_n83UE5VtolmZ2Jr0XRKQ0lj7AZlKHKqad5FWihkXKB7WgM0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://machinelearningblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Tensorflow_logo.svg_-280x300.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/tensorflow-tutorial-part-2-getting-started?fbclid=IwAR3oQa7DZMG_n83UE5VtolmZ2Jr0XRKQ0lj7AZlKHKqad5FWihkXKB7WgM0)

</div>

In this multi-part series, we will explore how to get started with
tensorflow. This tensorflow tutorial will lay a solid foundation to this
popular tool that everyone seems to be talking about. The second part is
a tensorflow tutorial on getting started, installing and building a
small use case. This post is the second part of… Read More »Tensorflow
Tutorial : Part 2 – Getting Started

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scaling Jupyter notebooks with Kubernetes and
Tensorflow](https://learnk8s.io/blog/scaling-machine-learning-with-kubeflow-tensorflow)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.learnk8s.io/25578661c4220a43040ebfb385ea44e9.png)](https://learnk8s.io/blog/scaling-machine-learning-with-kubeflow-tensorflow)

</div>

In this article, you will explore how you can leverage Kubernetes,
Tensorflow and Kubeflow to scale your models without having to worry
about scaling the infrastructure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Programmer's Guide  \| 
TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/programmers_guide)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.tensorflow.org/static/images/tf_logo_social.png)](https://www.tensorflow.org/programmers_guide)

</div>

Learn basic and advanced concepts of TensorFlow such as eager execution,
Keras high-level APIs and flexible model building.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[wiseodd/generative-models: Collection of generative models, e.g. GAN,
VAE i](https://github.com/wiseodd/generative-models)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/1aa9038c88d36a24e73806f455bc5ce27d437e8b7eca9a1f82db3d67c7b91d75/wiseodd/generative-models)](https://github.com/wiseodd/generative-models)

</div>

Collection of generative models, e.g. GAN, VAE in Pytorch and
Tensorflow. - wiseodd/generative-models

</div>

</div>
