<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# thinking

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[17 Logical Fallacies Everyone Should
Know](https://www.thecollector.com/logical-fallacies-everyone-should-know/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thecollector.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/logical-fallacies-everyone-should-know.jpg)](https://www.thecollector.com/logical-fallacies-everyone-should-know/)

</div>

This article examines 17 important logical fallacies in argumentation
that everyone should know for better critical thinking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Do you have an inner monologue? Here’s what it reveals about
you.](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/article/inner-monologue-psychology-explainer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.natgeofe.com/n/29a3bd4f-ad09-4687-bf72-c0dd194147f5/Manuela-Lourenco_Reflex_01_high-res_16x9.jpg?w=1200)](https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/article/inner-monologue-psychology-explainer)

</div>

While experts disagree on how common self-talk really is, they
wholeheartedly agree that it’s a valuable tool for self-discovery.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The marketplace of good and bad
ideas](https://www.conspicuouscognition.com/p/the-marketplace-of-good-and-bad-ideas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1633158829585-23ba8f7c8caf?q=80&w=1000&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D)](https://www.conspicuouscognition.com/p/the-marketplace-of-good-and-bad-ideas)

</div>

On why the free exchange of ideas is a complex breeding ground for
truth, appealing falsehoods, and self-serving rationalisations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Prove Prevention
Works](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/how-to-prove-prevention-works)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2024/02/Tiger-Rock.jpg)](https://theness.com/neurologicablog/how-to-prove-prevention-works)

</div>

Homer: Not a bear in sight. The Bear Patrol must be working like a
charm. Lisa: That’s specious reasoning, Dad. Homer: Thank you, dear.
Lisa: By your logic I could claim that this rock keeps tigers away.
Homer: Oh, how does it work? Lisa: It doesn’t work. Homer: Uh-huh. Lisa:
It’s just a stupid rock.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Tools for better thinking \| Untools](https://untools.co)

</div>

Collection of thinking tools and frameworks to help you solve problems,
make decisions and understand systems.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Noise: A Flaw in Human Judgment -
Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noise:_A_Flaw_in_Human_Judgment)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/5/58/Cover_image_for_the_2021_book_Noise%2C_A_Flaw_in_Human_Judgment_by_Daniel_Kahneman%2C_Olivier_Sibony_and_Cass_Sunstein.jpeg)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noise:_A_Flaw_in_Human_Judgment)

</div>

Noise: A Flaw in Human Judgment is a nonfiction book by professors
Daniel Kahneman, Olivier Sibony and Cass Sunstein. It was first
published on May 18, 2021. The book concerns 'noise' in human judgment
and decision-making. The authors define noise in human judgment as
"undesirable variability in judgments of the same problem" and focus on
the statistical properties and psychological perspectives of the issue.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Think Like Feynman: Why You Should Have 12 Favorite
Problems](https://www.artofmanliness.com/character/advice/think-like-feynman-why-you-should-have-12-favorite-problems)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://content.artofmanliness.com/uploads/2023/05/think-5-blank.jpg)](https://www.artofmanliness.com/character/advice/think-like-feynman-why-you-should-have-12-favorite-problems)

</div>

Discover the practice of Nobel Prize-winning scientist Richard Feynman
that has changed lives, including a method to find serendipitous answers
to questions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Understand the world better with 35 concepts \|
Conceptually](https://conceptually.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5862e6e9bebafb318d9b5ed6/t/5ff42cbe96522d765fba2fcf/1614428330412/conceptvworld_color.png?format=1500w)](https://conceptually.org)

</div>

Understand the world and make better decisions using concepts from
psychology, philosophy, economics and other disciplines, delivered
straight to your inbox every Sunday.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Profile Dossier: Charlie Munger, the Master of Mental
Models](https://theprofile.substack.com/p/the-profile-dossier-charlie-munger)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fbucketeer-e05bbc84-baa3-437e-9518-adb32be77984.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F32fbb5f4-daeb-4835-985c-a6f2c62aae73_1260x840.jpeg)](https://theprofile.substack.com/p/the-profile-dossier-charlie-munger)

</div>

“Deliver to the world what you would buy if you were on the other end."

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[List of Logical Fallacies with
Examples](https://www.logicalfallacies.org)

</div>

A comprehensive list of logical fallacies, with definitions,
explanations, and examples that are easy-to-understand.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Second-Order Thinking: What Smart People Use to
Outperform](https://fs.blog/2016/04/second-order-thinking)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://149664534.v2.pressablecdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/second-order-white.jpg)](https://fs.blog/2016/04/second-order-thinking)

</div>

Second-order thinking is a mental model that smart people like Warren
Buffett & Howard Marks use to avoid problems. Read this article to learn
how it works.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Think
Better](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2018/12/14/think-better)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/n-back.png)](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2018/12/14/think-better)

</div>

Being able to think clearly is not easy. Working memory is limited,
making thinking harder. Luckily, there's a tool to expand and improve
your thinking.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A long-overlooked brain region may be key to complex
thought](https://www.knowablemagazine.org/article/mind/2018/long-overlooked-brain-region-may-be-key-complex-thought)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://knowablemagazine.org/docserver/fulltext/10.1146/knowable-10518-2/thalamus-midlines-1600x600.png)](https://www.knowablemagazine.org/article/mind/2018/long-overlooked-brain-region-may-be-key-complex-thought)

</div>

The thalamus has traditionally been viewed just as the brain’s sensory
relay station. But it may also play an important role in higher-level
cognition, MIT’s Michael Halassa explains in a Q&A.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[General thinking tools](https://www.fs.blog/general-thinking-tools)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Inner Path to Clear Thinking: Thoughts from a CIA
Veteran](https://betterhumans.coach.me/the-inner-path-to-clear-thinking-thoughts-from-a-cia-veteran-f13912c1bbb)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Tell If Someone Is Truly Smart Or Just
Average](https://medium.com/the-mission/how-to-tell-if-someone-is-truly-smart-or-just-average-a2f0bcac5db2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:895/1*pyJ7T5Il6J4BhM-hUf6w5Q.jpeg)](https://medium.com/the-mission/how-to-tell-if-someone-is-truly-smart-or-just-average-a2f0bcac5db2)

</div>

Author’s Note: This article was written over 60 hours with love and care
using the blockbuster mental model. If you like my writing style…

</div>

</div>
