<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# travel

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[This Historical Town Just North Of Greenville Is South Carolina's
Best-Kept Secret](https://apple.news/AGwY_aleHSseGTgo26mHXXg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://c.apple.news/AgEXQUd3WV9hbGVIU3NlR1RnbzI2bUhYWGcAMA)](https://apple.news/AGwY_aleHSseGTgo26mHXXg)

</div>

With ancient mountain ranges and historic trails, Travelers Rest truly
gets more beautiful with age.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore (U.S. National Park
Service)](https://www.nps.gov/slbe/index.htm)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/banner_image/mwr/homepage/9C2FBB0F-E355-BD8F-C10A1A9955C40F44.jpg)](https://www.nps.gov/slbe/index.htm)

</div>

Miles of sand beach, bluffs that tower 450’ above Lake Michigan, lush
forests, clear inland lakes, unique flora and fauna make up the natural
world of Sleeping Bear Dunes. High dunes afford spectacular views across
the lake. An island lighthouse, US Life-Saving Service stations, coastal
villages, and picturesque farmsteads reflect the park’s rich maritime,
agricultural, and recreational history.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A 210km drive through 'the most beautiful place on
Earth'](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20241106-a-210km-drive-through-the-most-beautiful-place-on-earth?fbclid=IwY2xjawLvjDVleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHgjjEOkntfK4Etl4jtKgBDRbESQxnKKvdsU4FU3kbkII1_3dbtNoacjoto5k_aem_QePV_J0uHMVSTKiW_o4a0A)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p0k2pqsv.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20241106-a-210km-drive-through-the-most-beautiful-place-on-earth?fbclid=IwY2xjawLvjDVleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHgjjEOkntfK4Etl4jtKgBDRbESQxnKKvdsU4FU3kbkII1_3dbtNoacjoto5k_aem_QePV_J0uHMVSTKiW_o4a0A)

</div>

Following a traditional path used by traders and invaders, the Georgian
Military Road has been a passageway for people and ideas since
antiquity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[quincy california at
DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=quincy+california&ia=web)

</div>

DuckDuckGo. Privacy, Simplified.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Nickel Hotel Extols Charleston’s Old World
Allure](https://design-milk.com/the-nickel-hotel-extols-charlestons-old-world-allure-with-modernity/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://design-milk.com/images/2025/06/The-Nickel-Hotel-Charleston-SC-Morris-Adjmi-Architects-1.jpg)](https://design-milk.com/the-nickel-hotel-extols-charlestons-old-world-allure-with-modernity/)

</div>

Morris Adjmi Architects’ comprehensive design of The Nickel Hotel in
Charleston marries local historical detail with modern convenience.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Backyard Coffee And Jazz In Kyoto,
Japan](https://thedeletedscenes.substack.com/p/backyard-coffee-and-jazz-in-kyoto)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/$s_!X1id!,w_1200,h_600,c_fill,f_jpg,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep,g_auto/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F20b46356-b51e-43f0-80d0-d1049a381de8_3872x2870.jpeg)](https://thedeletedscenes.substack.com/p/backyard-coffee-and-jazz-in-kyoto)

</div>

A "magical" experience, and what we get when we let people pursue their
passions

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ponza, Italy – the holiday island for in-the-know
Romans](https://www.cntraveller.com/gallery/ponza-italy?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=dhfacebook&utm_content=app.dashsocial.com/condenasttraveller/library/media/521943475)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.cntraveller.com/photos/611bf672f902cc2d167b4abf/16:9/w_1920,h_1080,c_limit/view-from-casa-fontana-ponza-italy-conde-nast-traveller-7sept17-Stefano-Scata_.jpg)](https://www.cntraveller.com/gallery/ponza-italy?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=dhfacebook&utm_content=app.dashsocial.com/condenasttraveller/library/media/521943475)

</div>

Ponza, Italy \| The Italian island of Ponza has retained a gloriously
retro sense of mystery with impossibly turquoise waters, golden cliffs,
simple, fresh food and an elemental yet trippy magic atmosphere

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sea moss punch: The Caribbean's cooling, healthy elixir for
summer](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20240802-sea-moss-punch-the-caribbeans-cooling-healthy-elixir-for-summer?fbclid=IwY2xjawLHYvdleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHpu5Beglyrbk3xmFjCD0J1fTv-beRMW4ebho-2nOECr0xj8ONObMTLxFABB5_aem_DQkjL6cSi6ayMG-wRfqsjg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ychef.files.bbci.co.uk/624x351/p0jg2mmb.jpg)](https://www.bbc.com/travel/article/20240802-sea-moss-punch-the-caribbeans-cooling-healthy-elixir-for-summer?fbclid=IwY2xjawLHYvdleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHpu5Beglyrbk3xmFjCD0J1fTv-beRMW4ebho-2nOECr0xj8ONObMTLxFABB5_aem_DQkjL6cSi6ayMG-wRfqsjg)

</div>

Plucked from the ocean, Trinidad's answer to the summer milkshake is now
part of a frenzied craze around the world.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Take the Ultimate American Stargazing Road
Trip](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/ultimate-stargazing-road-trip)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/Mwr_T93fJ-MN4t5ctgktUaXdYj-aAMmcuXCzxcoFjP0/rs:fill:780:520:1/g:ce/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy9kOTY3ODllNDRm/YWM0ODI3ZjNfQU9f/VGhlX0dyZWF0X0Vz/Y2FwZV9TaWdodHNl/ZWluZ19BdF9OaWdo/dF9JSV9WSUlJX1JJ/IDIucG5n.png)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/ultimate-stargazing-road-trip)

</div>

Head out West for dark skies for a Milky Way so bright it casts a
shadow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What I Found Driving Across Northern
Michigan](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/road-trip-great-lakes-region)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/URFFSl12OqUc6i_PmJHxbbgn1dK0ASoIfDLUQrxIKn8/rs:fill:780:520:1/g:ce/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL2Fzc2V0/cy8wZDc0YzJlZS01/YWViLTRmMjAtYjM4/Ny1jMzVmMzEyYzQ3/MzJmOTZmNTYwNDM0/MjAxOGI4MmNfMksw/Q004My5qcGc.jpg)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/road-trip-great-lakes-region)

</div>

Head “Up North” along the coast of Lake Michigan for sandy shores,
sublime cherries, and butter-bathed, just-caught fish.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Notes on Tunisia](https://mattlakeman.org/2025/05/29/notes-on-tunisia/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://mattlakeman.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/tun-map.png?w=760)](https://mattlakeman.org/2025/05/29/notes-on-tunisia/)

</div>

I spent almost three weeks in Tunisia, visiting the cities of Tunis,
Bizerte, El Kef, Tozeur, Tataouine, El Jem, Sfax, Sousse, Monastir,
Kairouan, and a few smaller towns in between. At first, I th…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Kappabashi Neighborhood Guide: Tokyo's Kitchen Supply
Paradise](https://www.tokyoweekender.com/japan-life/things-to-do-in-tokyo/kappabashi-neighborhood-guide/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.tokyoweekender.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Kappabashi-13.jpg)](https://www.tokyoweekender.com/japan-life/things-to-do-in-tokyo/kappabashi-neighborhood-guide/)

</div>

Kappabashi is a neighborhood best known for two things: kitchen supplies
and a Japanese mythological being, the kappa.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The History of Faro, Portugal: A Guide for
Visitors](https://www.thecollector.com/history-faro-portugal-guide-visitors/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thecollector.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/history-faro-portugal-guide-visitors.jpg)](https://www.thecollector.com/history-faro-portugal-guide-visitors/)

</div>

Located in the sunny Algarve, southern Portugal, Faro is the capital and
largest city in the region. Although often overlooked, it hides a
fascinating past.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Hobo Handbook by Jeremiah
David](https://www.theparisreview.org/blog/2025/05/09/the-hobo-handbook/?src=longreads)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.theparisreview.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/tpr-hadada-roundell-logo-1.png)](https://www.theparisreview.org/blog/2025/05/09/the-hobo-handbook/?src=longreads)

</div>

May 9, 2025 – “The Guide is either the train hopper’s Bible or an
outdated relic, a must-have or a crutch, depending on whom you ask.”

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Palisades Restaurant in
Eggleston](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/the-palisades-restaurant)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://img.atlasobscura.com/FbSM4EAgsUYrx0QRlKvZCEOIv6-hFqhS2Gw4y1P0I70/rs:fill:780:520:1/g:ce/q:81/sm:1/scp:1/ar:1/aHR0cHM6Ly9hdGxh/cy1kZXYuczMuYW1h/em9uYXdzLmNvbS91/cGxvYWRzL3BsYWNl/X2ltYWdlcy8zZDIx/ZTkzYWQ3NGY1MGVk/OTBfQXBwYWxhY2hp/YTEwX0pUXzIwMjQt/NTYuSlBH.jpg)](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/the-palisades-restaurant)

</div>

Dine in a former general store from the Roaring Twenties, when Eggleston
was a hot springs boomtown.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hōshi: A Short Documentary on the 1300-Year-Old Hotel Run by the Same
Japanese Family for 46
Generations](https://www.openculture.com/2025/04/hoshi-a-short-documentary-on-the-1300-year-old-hotel.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn8.openculture.com/2025/04/23212723/houshi-e1523344226758.jpg)](https://www.openculture.com/2025/04/hoshi-a-short-documentary-on-the-1300-year-old-hotel.html)

</div>

Hōshi, a traditional Japanese inn in Komatsu, Japan, holds the
distinction of being the second oldest hotel in the world—and “the
oldest still running family business in the world.” Built in 718 AD,
Hōshi has been operated by the same family for 46 consecutive
generations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Reclaiming Sanya, one meal at a
time](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/community/2025/04/28/issues/sanya-cafe-yoshihira/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/japantimes/uploads/images/2025/04/24/464879.jpg?v=3.1)](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/community/2025/04/28/issues/sanya-cafe-yoshihira/)

</div>

Since 2018, Sanya Cafe has been building community in one of Tokyo’s
most colorful — and infamous — neighborhoods.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[These Are the Best Small Towns in
Japan](https://japanstartshere.com/2020/04/06/small-towns-in-japan/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://japanstartshere.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/Izu-4.jpg)](https://japanstartshere.com/2020/04/06/small-towns-in-japan/)

</div>

Visiting small towns is the best way to discover the real Japan. Here's
how to visit small towns in Japan in 2025, 2026 and beyond.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Hidden Gems in Occitanie, France: Off the Beaten
Path](https://www.thecollector.com/hidden-gems-occitanie-france/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thecollector.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/hidden-gems-occitanie-france.jpg)](https://www.thecollector.com/hidden-gems-occitanie-france/)

</div>

Undiscovered Occitanie, France begs to be explored with its castle
ruins, gourmet restaurants, timeless abbeys, and possible buried
treasure.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Must-See UNESCO World Heritage Sites in
France](https://www.thecollector.com/unesco-world-heritage-sites-france/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thecollector.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/unesco-world-heritage-sites-france-1.jpg)](https://www.thecollector.com/unesco-world-heritage-sites-france/)

</div>

Travel through France’s greatest hits—ancient abbeys, royal palaces,
cave art, and wine-soaked valleys—in this curated list of ten
jaw-dropping UNESCO treasures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[50 Years of Travel
Tips](https://kk.org/thetechnium/50-years-of-travel-tips/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://kk.org/wp-content/themes/kkdotorg/inc/images/og_default_1200.png)](https://kk.org/thetechnium/50-years-of-travel-tips/)

</div>

I’ve been seriously traveling for more than 50 years, and I’ve learned a
lot. I’ve traveled solo, and I’ve led a tour group of 40 friends. I’ve
slept in dormitories and I’ve stayed in presidential suites with a
butler. I’ve … Continue reading →

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Signs Of Life In A Desert Of Death \|
NOEMA](https://www.noemamag.com/signs-of-life-in-a-desert-of-death)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://noemamag.imgix.net/2025/01/noema_hr_003-copy-scaled.jpg?fm=pjpg&ixlib=php-3.3.1&s=37180c207375ee2d201a62548e698d1c)](https://www.noemamag.com/signs-of-life-in-a-desert-of-death)

</div>

In the dry and fiery deserts of Central Asia, among the mythical sites
of both the first human and the end of all days, I found evidence that
life restores itself even on the bleakest edge of ecological apocalypse.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rick Steves Refuses to Get Cynical About the
World](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/12/14/magazine/rick-steves-interview.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/12/22/magazine/22mag-interview-steves-02/22mag-interview-steves-02-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/12/14/magazine/rick-steves-interview.html)

</div>

The guidebook writer and television personality reflects on his cancer
diagnosis, social media’s corrosive effect on tourism and the
transformative power of travel.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Can’t-Miss Towns in an Often Overlooked Corner of
Japan](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/10/23/travel/kyushu-japan.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2024/10/23/travel/23travel-kyushu-promo-1/23travel-kyushu-promo-1-largeHorizontalJumbo.jpg)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/10/23/travel/kyushu-japan.html)

</div>

Kyushu, often passed over by international visitors, is rich in crafts,
history and culture. Here are four destinations to consider.

</div>

</div>
