<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# ubuntu

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[nvidia - Installing CUDA on Ubuntu 23.10 - libt5info not installable -
Ask](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1491254/installing-cuda-on-ubuntu-23-10-libt5info-not-installable)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/askubuntu/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=e16e1315edd6)](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1491254/installing-cuda-on-ubuntu-23-10-libt5info-not-installable)

</div>

Today I've installed from scratch Ubuntu 23.10 on my computer. After
having installed all the software I need, I tried to install CUDA from
the NVIDIA website, following their instructions: https://

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Introduction to Omakub, a Curated Ubuntu Environment by
DHH](https://thenewstack.io/introduction-to-omakub-a-curated-ubuntu-environment-by-dhh)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/07/90f3400f-lucas-law-kdvgz-qnhfc-unsplash.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/introduction-to-omakub-a-curated-ubuntu-environment-by-dhh)

</div>

Omakub is a heavily curated Ubuntu installation for developers, offered
by Ruby on Rails creator David Heinemeier Hansson. We test it out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install and Use PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 20.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/zp5sXuzCU113SHf5q679SqGu)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

PostgreSQL, or Postgres, is a relational database management system that
provides an implementation of the SQL querying language. This guide
demonstrates how…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[New user here. Browser freezes on Ubuntu for anybo... - Mozilla
Connect](https://connect.mozilla.org/t5/discussions/new-user-here-browser-freezes-on-ubuntu-for-anybody-else/m-p/28587#M11145)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install MySQL on Ubuntu 22.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-mysql-on-ubuntu-22-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/M1bswVs7zkuTaBacgsKxDCB4)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-mysql-on-ubuntu-22-04)

</div>

MySQL is an open-source database management system, commonly installed
as part of the popular LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Python/Perl)
stack. It implemen…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[After GRUB appears I see ACPI BIOS ERROR messages before Ubuntu 20.04
starts normally. How do I solve the
problem?](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1258641/after-grub-appears-i-see-acpi-bios-error-messages-before-ubuntu-20-04-starts-nor)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/askubuntu/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=e16e1315edd6)](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1258641/after-grub-appears-i-see-acpi-bios-error-messages-before-ubuntu-20-04-starts-nor)

</div>

I've installed Ubuntu 20.04 on a Lenovo Ideapad 330 as single operating
system. In normal boot on my laptop, after choosing the operating system
at the GRUB menu it shows some ACPI BIOS ERROR and o...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Apt - PostgreSQL wiki](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 20.04 \[Quickstart\] \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04-quickstart)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/5kWwmK8BtWpfC5weGSDqU65t)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04-quickstart)

</div>

PostgreSQL, or Postgres, is a relational database management system that
provides an implementation of the SQL querying language. This quickstart
guide demon…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to free up space in
Ubuntu](https://dev.to/a4abs/how-to-free-up-space-in-ubuntu-29a0)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/articles/3otvb2z646ytpt1hl2rv.jpg)](https://dev.to/a4abs/how-to-free-up-space-in-ubuntu-29a0)

</div>

Whenever you are running out of disk space on Ubuntu server/desktop ,
There are several ways to free...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install Ruby on Rails with rbenv on Ubuntu 20.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-with-rbenv-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/4EXnYDCyje6NVaQ1PYDtVGJc)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-with-rbenv-on-ubuntu-20-04)

</div>

Ruby on Rails is one of the most popular application stacks for
developers looking to create sites and web apps. Using rbenv will
provide you with a solid en…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ubuntu 21.10 suspension
problems](https://superuser.com/questions/1699286/ubuntu-21-10-suspension-problems?noredirect=1#comment2624019_1699286)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/superuser/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=0ad5b7a83e49)](https://superuser.com/questions/1699286/ubuntu-21-10-suspension-problems?noredirect=1#comment2624019_1699286)

</div>

I'm using Ubuntu 21.10 on a Lenovo Legion laptop: GNOME 40.4.0 Windowing
X11 15.5GB DDR3, 1.3TB HD Intel i7-9750 @ 2.6GHz + nV GTX 1660 This
system recently forgot how to suspend - from both the ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[18.04 Screen remains blank after wake up from suspend - Ask
Ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1032633/18-04-screen-remains-blank-after-wake-up-from-suspend/1391917#1391917)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sstatic.net/Sites/askubuntu/Img/apple-touch-icon.png?v=e16e1315edd6)](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1032633/18-04-screen-remains-blank-after-wake-up-from-suspend/1391917#1391917)

</div>

So, when I suspend my laptop, then wake it up later, my laptop does turn
on, I'm able to, for example, turn up and down the volume with audio
confirmation using the kepboard, but my screen remains ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Configure the Apache Web Server on an Ubuntu or Debian VPS \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-configure-the-apache-web-server-on-an-ubuntu-or-debian-vps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.digitalocean.com/_next/static/media/intro-to-cloud.d49bc5f7.jpeg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-configure-the-apache-web-server-on-an-ubuntu-or-debian-vps)

</div>

The Apache web server is the most popular way to serve web content on
the internet. The Apache provides a modular and scalable server that can
satisfy the n…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How To Install and Use PostgreSQL on Ubuntu 14.04 \|
DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-14-04)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://community-cdn-digitalocean-com.global.ssl.fastly.net/H83RrNFHGL58YpjgpGLvxPHX)](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-14-04)

</div>

PostgreSQL is one of the most powerful and popular relational database
management systems available for open source platforms. In this guide,
we’ll talk abo…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Install Nvidia Driver on Ubuntu
20.04](https://linoxide.com/linux-how-to/how-to-install-nvidia-driver-on-ubuntu)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Intel RST](https://help.ubuntu.com/rst)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Ubuntu successfully virtualized on
M1](https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/ubuntu-linux-virtualized-on-m1-success.2270365?post=29300053#post-29300053)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.macrumors.com/article-new/2019/10/macrumors-forums-social.jpg)](https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/ubuntu-linux-virtualized-on-m1-success.2270365?post=29300053#post-29300053)

</div>

\- the ISO file needed: ubuntu-20.04.1-live-server-arm64.iso - apart
from the ISO, using disk images is not implemented. - SimpleVM.app is
only a proof-of-concept. - it is possible to SSH into the...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Switch between
workspaces](https://help.ubuntu.com/stable/ubuntu-help/shell-workspaces-switch.html.en)

</div>

</div>

</div>
