<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# vector-databases

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[37 Things I Learned About Information Retrieval in Two Years at a
Vector Database Company – Leonie
Monigatti](https://www.leoniemonigatti.com/blog/what_i_learned.html)

</div>

From BM25 to RAG: Everything I learned about vector databases, embedding
models, and vector search - and everything in between.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Do you really need a Vector Search
Database?](https://fin.ai/research/do-you-really-need-a-vector-search-database/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://s47652.pcdn.co/research/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/image-21.png)](https://fin.ai/research/do-you-really-need-a-vector-search-database/)

</div>

Reflections on Intercom’s decision to stick with Elasticsearch

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Don't use cosine similarity carelessly - Piotr
Migdał](https://p.migdal.pl/blog/2025/01/dont-use-cosine-similarity)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://p.migdal.pl/blog/2025/01/dont-use-cosine-similarity/cartoon-espresso-word2vec.jpg)](https://p.migdal.pl/blog/2025/01/dont-use-cosine-similarity)

</div>

Cosine similarity - the duct tape of AI. Convenient but often misused.
Let's find out how to use it better.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Vector Embeddings are Lossy. Here’s What to Do About
It.](https://towardsdatascience.com/vector-embeddings-are-lossy-heres-what-to-do-about-it-4f9a8ee58bb7)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*r1jow5XCAkmA_FXl95xfaA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/vector-embeddings-are-lossy-heres-what-to-do-about-it-4f9a8ee58bb7)

</div>

AI systems aren’t perfect (GASP!) and these are some of the reasons why.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HNSW Flat or Inverted Index: Which Should You Choose for Your Search?
This AI Paper Offers
Operati](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/15/hnsw-flat-or-inverted-index-which-should-you-choose-for-your-search-this-ai-paper-offers-operational-advice-for-dense-and-sparse-retrievers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/Screenshot-2024-09-15-at-5.59.01-PM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/09/15/hnsw-flat-or-inverted-index-which-should-you-choose-for-your-search-this-ai-paper-offers-operational-advice-for-dense-and-sparse-retrievers)

</div>

A significant challenge in information retrieval today is determining
the most efficient method for nearest-neighbor vector search, especially
with the growing complexity of dense and sparse retrieval models.
Practitioners must navigate a wide range of options for indexing and
retrieval methods, including HNSW (Hierarchical Navigable Small-World)
graphs, flat indexes, and inverted indexes. These methods offer
different trade-offs in terms of speed, scalability, and quality of
retrieval results. As datasets become larger and more complex, the
absence of clear operational guidance makes it difficult for
practitioners to optimize their systems, particularly for applications
requiring high performance, such as search engines and

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Use Your Data in LLMs With the Vector Database You Already
Have](https://thenewstack.io/use-your-data-in-llms-with-the-vector-database-you-already-have)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/07/176c7349-server1.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/use-your-data-in-llms-with-the-vector-database-you-already-have)

</div>

Open source vector databases are among the top options out there for AI
development, including some you may already be familiar with or even
have on hand.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An SQL Vector Database To Enhance Text Search: How We Did
It](https://thenewstack.io/an-sql-vector-database-to-enhance-text-search-how-we-did-it)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.thenewstack.io/media/2024/05/4ab1de9b-tanvity.jpg)](https://thenewstack.io/an-sql-vector-database-to-enhance-text-search-how-we-did-it)

</div>

Performance testing shows integrating Tantivy’s full-text search engine
library into vector search significantly improves speed and performance.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pinecone launches its serverless vector database out of
preview](https://techcrunch.com/2024/05/21/pinecone-launches-its-serverless-vector-database-out-of-preview)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/GettyImages-1520090215.jpg?resize=1200,800)](https://techcrunch.com/2024/05/21/pinecone-launches-its-serverless-vector-database-out-of-preview)

</div>

Pinecone, the vector database startup founded by Edo Liberty, the former
head of Amazon's AI Labs, has long been at the forefront of helping
businesses

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Cosine Similarity](https://algebrica.org/cosine-similarity)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://algebrica.org/wp-content/uploads/resources/images/algebrica.jpg)](https://algebrica.org/cosine-similarity)

</div>

Cosine similarity can measure the proximity between two documents by
transforming words into vectors within a vector space.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Comparative Analysis of Top 14 Vector Databases: Features, Performance,
and](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/21/comparative-analysis-of-top-14-vector-databases-features-performance-and-scalability-insights)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Screenshot-2024-04-20-at-11.21.21-PM-1024x870.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/04/21/comparative-analysis-of-top-14-vector-databases-features-performance-and-scalability-insights)

</div>

Vector databases have become increasingly prominent, especially in
applications that involve machine learning, image processing, and
similarity searches. Unlike traditional databases that store data as
scalar values (numbers and strings), vector databases are designed to
handle multidimensional data points, typically represented as vectors.
These vectors can be used to model complex items like images, videos,
and text in a format that machines can interpret for tasks such as
content recommendation, anomaly detection, and more. Let’s explore 14
different vector databases and provide a comparative analysis of several
key parameters.  Faiss (Facebook AI Similarity Search) Faiss, developed
by Facebook AI, is

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I accidentally built a meme search engine \| Harper Reed's
Blog](https://harper.blog/2024/04/12/i-accidentally-built-a-meme-search-engine)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://harper.blog/images/og.png)](https://harper.blog/2024/04/12/i-accidentally-built-a-meme-search-engine)

</div>

I built a magical meme search engine using siglip/CLIP and vector
encoding images. It was a fun way to learn about this powerful
technology. I'm sharing the code so you can build your own and discover
forgotten gems in your photo library. Let's unleash the power of AI on
our images!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What We Learned When We Built a Vector Database-and Our Customers
Started
U](https://dev.to/datastax/what-we-learned-when-we-built-a-vector-database-and-our-customers-started-using-it-part-1-1c6h)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fs5vnvtj8xnfbt2ab2f0p.png)](https://dev.to/datastax/what-we-learned-when-we-built-a-vector-database-and-our-customers-started-using-it-part-1-1c6h)

</div>

Everyone is talking about vectors these days. Cosines, ANN searches,
normalizations, sentence...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pinecone: New vector database architecture a ‘breakthrough’ to curb AI
hall](https://venturebeat.com/ai/pinecone-new-vector-database-architecture-a-breakthrough-to-curb-ai-hallucinations)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://venturebeat.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/DALL%C2%B7E-2024-01-15-21.46.38-A-modernist-interpretation-of-a-pinecone.-The-image-should-focus-on-geometric-shapes-and-abstract-forms-emphasizing-the-unique-texture-and-patterns-o.png?w=1024?w=1200&strip=all)](https://venturebeat.com/ai/pinecone-new-vector-database-architecture-a-breakthrough-to-curb-ai-hallucinations)

</div>

Today Pinecone launched a serverless vector database architecture that
CEO Edo Liberty calls a 'significant' breakthrough for the industry.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet Chroma: An AI-Native Open-Source Vector Database For LLMs: A
Faster
Wa](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/08/19/meet-chroma-an-ai-native-open-source-vector-database-for-llms-a-faster-way-to-build-python-or-javascript-llm-apps-with-memory)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Screenshot-2023-08-19-at-3.55.16-AM-1024x534.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/08/19/meet-chroma-an-ai-native-open-source-vector-database-for-llms-a-faster-way-to-build-python-or-javascript-llm-apps-with-memory)

</div>

Word embedding vector databases have become increasingly popular due to
the proliferation of massive language models. Using the power of
sophisticated machine learning techniques, data is stored in a vector
database. It allows for very fast similarity search, essential for many
AI uses such as recommendation systems, picture recognition, and NLP.
The essence of complicated data is captured in a vector database by
representing each data point as a multidimensional vector. Quickly
retrieving related vectors is made possible by modern indexing
techniques like k-d trees and hashing. To transform big data analytics,
this architecture generates highly scalable, efficient solutions for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Scalar Quantization and Product Quantization - Zilliz
blog](https://zilliz.com/blog/scalar-quantization-and-product-quantization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://assets.zilliz.com/Mar_28_Vector_Database_101_Scalar_Quantization_and_Product_Quantization_56ba821c40.png)](https://zilliz.com/blog/scalar-quantization-and-product-quantization)

</div>

A hands-on dive into scalar quantization (integer quantization) and
product quantization with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Not All Vector Databases Are Made
Equal](https://towardsdatascience.com/milvus-pinecone-vespa-weaviate-vald-gsi-what-unites-these-buzz-words-and-what-makes-each-9c65a3bd0696)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*_gCfGYHc87EtuYuv)](https://towardsdatascience.com/milvus-pinecone-vespa-weaviate-vald-gsi-what-unites-these-buzz-words-and-what-makes-each-9c65a3bd0696)

</div>

A detailed comparison of Milvus, Pinecone, Vespa, Weaviate, Vald, GSI
and Qdrant

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What is a Vector Database? \|
Pinecone](https://www.pinecone.io/learn/vector-database)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.pinecone.io/api/og/?title=What%20is%20a%20Vector%20Database%20&%20How%20Does%20it%20Work?%20Use%20Cases%20+%20Examples)](https://www.pinecone.io/learn/vector-database)

</div>

Discover Vector Databases: How They Work, Examples, Use Cases, Pros &
Cons, Selection and Implementation. They have combined capabilities of
traditional databases and standalone vector indexes while specializing
for vector embeddings.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[eBay’s Blazingly Fast Billion-Scale Vector Similarity
Engine](https://tech.ebayinc.com/engineering/ebays-blazingly-fast-billion-scale-vector-similarity-engine)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.ebayinc.com/static/assets/Uploads/Blog/Posts/_resampled/ScaleWidthWzEwMjRd/230501-Similarity-Engine-tech-blog-v1-inc-16x9-hero.jpg?fs=f9996dab418d497d)](https://tech.ebayinc.com/engineering/ebays-blazingly-fast-billion-scale-vector-similarity-engine)

</div>

The Similarity Engine's use cases include item-to-item similarity for
text and image modality and user-to-item personalized recommendations
based on a user’s historical behavior data.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 10 Best Vector Databases &
Libraries](https://dev.to/bybydev/top-10-best-vector-databases-libraries-330f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fm2huidunm4tho9kle0hj.jpg)](https://dev.to/bybydev/top-10-best-vector-databases-libraries-330f)

</div>

Vector database is a type of database that stores data as
high-dimensional vectors, which are...

</div>

</div>
