<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# video

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Tricks You Can Do With FFmpeg on
Linux](https://www.howtogeek.com/tricks-you-can-do-with-ffmpeg-on-linux/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static1.howtogeekimages.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/wm/2024/10/example-of-alias-running-on-the-linux-terminal.jpg)](https://www.howtogeek.com/tricks-you-can-do-with-ffmpeg-on-linux/)

</div>

FFmpeg is way cooler than it sounds.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Generation 2 4680 Tested // Results &
Analysis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgFRAzOBb9A)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UgFRAzOBb9A/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgFRAzOBb9A)

</div>

Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share
it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Count Video Frames Using FFmpeg on
Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/find-video-frames-in-linux/?fbclid=IwY2xjawGbs7pleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHf05JxaimhtRns_2HyXDxNQnf2IgqGrSr9o4pwvuWkRr5HzgTnUfYTweew_aem_lwqcIIot_d3g526x29peGw)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.tecmint.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/Count-Video-Frames-Using-FFMpeg.webp)](https://www.tecmint.com/find-video-frames-in-linux/?fbclid=IwY2xjawGbs7pleHRuA2FlbQIxMQABHf05JxaimhtRns_2HyXDxNQnf2IgqGrSr9o4pwvuWkRr5HzgTnUfYTweew_aem_lwqcIIot_d3g526x29peGw)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Researchers at NVIDIA AI Introduce ‘VILA’: A Vision Language Model that
can](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/04/researchers-at-nvidia-ai-introduce-vila-a-vision-language-model-that-can-reason-among-multiple-images-learn-in-context-and-even-understand-videos)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Screenshot-2024-05-04-at-4.57.30-PM.png)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2024/05/04/researchers-at-nvidia-ai-introduce-vila-a-vision-language-model-that-can-reason-among-multiple-images-learn-in-context-and-even-understand-videos)

</div>

The rapid evolution in AI demands models that can handle large-scale
data and deliver accurate, actionable insights. Researchers in this
field aim to create systems capable of continuous learning and
adaptation, ensuring they remain relevant in dynamic environments. A
significant challenge in developing AI models lies in overcoming the
issue of catastrophic forgetting, where models fail to retain previously
acquired knowledge when learning new tasks. This challenge becomes more
pressing as applications increasingly demand continuous learning
capabilities. For instance, models must update their understanding of
healthcare, financial analysis, and autonomous systems while retaining
prior knowledge to make informed decisions. The

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HVision-NKU/StoryDiffusion](https://github.com/HVision-NKU/StoryDiffusion)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/71b654bca83e7ae096ac7c34ea6e5e37aa3b407b7b2c55f0c1a528aa130975bc/HVision-NKU/StoryDiffusion)](https://github.com/HVision-NKU/StoryDiffusion)

</div>

Accepted as \[NeurIPS 2024\] Spotlight Presentation Paper -
HVision-NKU/StoryDiffusion

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Apps for Live Streaming
Video](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/apps-for-live-streaming-video)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/thumb-1.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/apps-for-live-streaming-video)

</div>

This all-new update to our popular resource features apps from social
networks and live-streaming platforms to produce and broadcast solo or
multi-source video.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Meet Google Lumiere AI, Bard’s video maker
cousin](https://dataconomy.com/2024/01/25/how-to-use-google-lumiere)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/How-to-use-Google-Lumiere.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2024/01/25/how-to-use-google-lumiere)

</div>

Step into the future of video creation with Google Lumiere, the latest
breakthrough from Google Research that promises to redefine

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The killer app of Gemini Pro 1.5 is
video](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Feb/21/gemini-pro-video)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.simonwillison.net/static/2024/gemini-pro-card.jpg)](https://simonwillison.net/2024/Feb/21/gemini-pro-video)

</div>

Last week Google introduced Gemini Pro 1.5, an enormous upgrade to their
Gemini series of AI models. Gemini Pro 1.5 has a 1,000,000 token context
size. This is huge—previously that …

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sora early access: Your guide to securing a
spot](https://dataconomy.com/2024/02/26/sora-early-access)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://dataconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Sora-early-access_02.jpg)](https://dataconomy.com/2024/02/26/sora-early-access)

</div>

Are you looking for the news everyday for Sora early access like us?
Well you are absolutely right because OpenAI's

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A technical guide to video
SEO](https://searchengineland.com/video-seo-technical-guide-437837)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://searchengineland.com/wp-content/seloads/2024/02/A-technical-guide-to-video-SEO.jpg)](https://searchengineland.com/video-seo-technical-guide-437837)

</div>

Discover advanced SEO techniques for video content, including
self-hosting versus YouTube embedding and fool-proof indexing checks.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Apps for Creating, Editing
Videos](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/apps-for-creating-editing-videos)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/12-Apps-for-Creating-Editing-Videos.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/apps-for-creating-editing-videos)

</div>

Sophisticated videos require only a smartphone and an app. Here's an
update to our long-running resource of tools to create, edit, and
transform videos.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sora](https://openai.com/sora)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/kftzwdyauwt9/8264d3d7-922c-4343-dde924eae75b/c9f68101050dc2a6caaac2f434c0da5e/paper-airplanes.jpg?w=1600&h=900&fit=fill)](https://openai.com/sora)

</div>

Sora is an AI model that can create realistic and imaginative scenes
from text instructions.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[15 Useful ‘FFmpeg’ Commands for Video, Audio and Image Conversion in
Linux](https://www.tecmint.com/ffmpeg-commands-for-video-audio-and-image-conversion-in-linux?fbclid=IwAR3KPP-pN1Pa5UhiaURtUkgqVvvNtzVW4b0H-lBUGUjTaUCN3oWtsw4_nns)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.tecmint.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/FFMPEG-Command-Examples.png)](https://www.tecmint.com/ffmpeg-commands-for-video-audio-and-image-conversion-in-linux?fbclid=IwAR3KPP-pN1Pa5UhiaURtUkgqVvvNtzVW4b0H-lBUGUjTaUCN3oWtsw4_nns)

</div>

This article explores FFmpeg's capabilities for converting video, audio,
and image files with practical examples in Linux.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 AI Deepfake Generators for Photo and Video in
2023](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/17/10-ai-deepfake-generators-for-photo-and-video-in-2023)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.marktechpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/ideogram-1-2.jpeg)](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/09/17/10-ai-deepfake-generators-for-photo-and-video-in-2023)

</div>

Video and audio recordings of people saying or doing things they never
said or did can be created using AI deepfake generators and software
tools that use artificial intelligence to make convincing fakes. A
neural network is trained using a massive collection of authentic media
featuring the target individual to accomplish this. The web is trained
to recognize individuals and imitate their appearance, speech, and
behavior. There is a wide range of potential good and bad uses for AI
deepfake generators. You can use them to make comedic videos or
instructional materials. Here are some AI deepfake generators for photos

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Complete Collection Of MTV’s Headbangers Ball: Watch 1,215 Videos
from](https://www.openculture.com/2023/06/the-complete-collection-of-mtvs-headbangers-ball.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn8.openculture.com/2023/05/01000351/Screenshot-2023-06-01-at-12.02.48-AM-1024x718.png)](https://www.openculture.com/2023/06/the-complete-collection-of-mtvs-headbangers-ball.html)

</div>

Premiering in April 1987, MTV's Headbangers Ball featured music videos
from metal and hard rock bands of the 80s and 90s--everyone from AC/DC
and Mötley Crüe, to Ozzy Osbourne, Def Leppard and Twisted Sister, to
Judas Priest, Iron Maiden and Van Halen.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create Stunning Videos with These 7 AI-Powered Editing
Tools](https://dev.to/anmolbaranwal/create-stunning-videos-with-these-7-ai-powered-editing-tools-2k9d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fwk2i5ntude2wa539a4r1.png)](https://dev.to/anmolbaranwal/create-stunning-videos-with-these-7-ai-powered-editing-tools-2k9d)

</div>

Attention developers: do you want to create high-quality videos but are
short on time? Say goodbye to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SpaceBalls Alien](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aVZUVeMtYXc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/aVZUVeMtYXc/hqdefault.jpg)](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aVZUVeMtYXc)

</div>

It's just like in the Ridley Scott classic film... just with a little
more style!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Burning ice, metal clouds, gemstone rain – tour the strangest known
exoplanets \| Aeon
Videos](https://aeon.co/videos/burning-ice-metal-clouds-gemstone-rain-tour-the-strangest-known-exoplanets)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/2e226c0c-69c3-4eff-a1d7-75ea0fbfa400/the-sights-of-space-a-voyage-to-spectacular-alien-worlds-landscape-2.jpg?width=1200&quality=75&format=auto)](https://aeon.co/videos/burning-ice-metal-clouds-gemstone-rain-tour-the-strangest-known-exoplanets)

</div>

An operatic, 3D-animated tour of some of the most fascinating exoplanets
yet discovered reveals burning ice and gemstone rain

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Text-to-4D dynamic scene
generation](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2023/01/text-to-4d-dynamic-scene-generation.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://marginalrevolution.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/MR-logo-thumbnail.png)](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2023/01/text-to-4d-dynamic-scene-generation.html)

</div>

Find it here, via Ryan Watkins.  Further improvement is required, but
the pace of current breakthroughs is remarkable.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to install PipeWire on Ubuntu Linux - Linux Tutorials - Learn Linux
Con](https://linuxconfig.org/how-to-install-pipewire-on-ubuntu-linux)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://linuxconfig.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/00-how-to-install-pipewire-on-ubuntu-linux.png)](https://linuxconfig.org/how-to-install-pipewire-on-ubuntu-linux)

</div>

The purpose of this tutorial is to install PipeWire on Ubuntu Linux.
PipeWire is a sound server that can handle playback and capturing of
audio and video streams. It is a worthy replacement to other…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[GIFs Without the .gif: The Most Performant Image and Video Options
Right
No](https://css-tricks.com/gifs-without-the-gif-the-most-performant-image-and-video-options-right-now)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://css-tricks.com/wp-json/social-image-generator/v1/image/373484)](https://css-tricks.com/gifs-without-the-gif-the-most-performant-image-and-video-options-right-now)

</div>

So you want an auto-playing looping video without sound? In popular
vernacular this is the very meaning of the word GIF. The word has stuck
around but the

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[No, YouTube, I will not subscribe to
Premium](https://www.androidauthority.com/youtube-premium-popups-ads-3209067)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.androidauthority.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/YouTube-on-smartphone-stock-photo-18.jpg)](https://www.androidauthority.com/youtube-premium-popups-ads-3209067)

</div>

Do you think YouTube Premium subscription pop-ups and the platform's
burgeoning number of ads are in bad taste? You're not alone.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Video Streaming Protocols: What Are They & How to Choose The Best
One](https://dev.to/emilyrobertsatstream/video-streaming-protocols-what-are-they-how-to-choose-the-best-one-2aco)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fcn1kgfuefn61himo5r3b.jpg)](https://dev.to/emilyrobertsatstream/video-streaming-protocols-what-are-they-how-to-choose-the-best-one-2aco)

</div>

Understanding legacy and modern streaming protocols will enable you to
make an informed choice for...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Free screen recorder for Mac and PC \| Loom](https://www.loom.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/pvn35iyy/production/2bb98edb0f378799d46fc7aa3564b9ad28604073-1200x627.png?fm=jpg)](https://www.loom.com)

</div>

Best free online screen recording tool with advanced video editing and
video storage trusted by over 21 million people and easy sharing from
Loom.com.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Open Broadcaster Software®️ \| OBS](https://obsproject.com)

</div>

OBS (Open Broadcaster Software) is free and open source software for
video recording and live streaming. Stream to Twitch, YouTube and many
other providers or record your own videos with high quality H264 / AAC
encoding.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Video Tools
Archives](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tag/video-tools)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[13 Platforms for Shoppable
Video](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/12-platforms-for-shoppable-video)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/thumb3.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/12-platforms-for-shoppable-video)

</div>

Video is increasingly impacting ecommerce. Consumers use it for purchase
decisions. Influencers live-stream product endorsements. And brands
deploy video for engagement and product offerings. Here is a list of
platforms for shoppable video.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[BooksAndOtherExternalResources –
FFmpeg](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/BooksAndOtherExternalResources)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Filmmaking Process](https://disneyanimation.com/process)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://cdn.disneyanimation.com/uploads/pages/filmmaking-process/WISH_Process_Cover_1200x630.jpg)](https://disneyanimation.com/process)

</div>

From sequence to shot to frame, explore our studio pipeline.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Australian Lamb: The Lost Country of the Pacific -
YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck8CO6zGFB0)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[leandromoreira/digital_video_introduction: A hands-on introduction to
video technology: image, video, codec (av1, vp9, h265) and more (ffmpeg
encoding). Translations: 🇺🇸 🇨🇳 🇯🇵 🇮🇹 🇰🇷 🇷🇺 🇧🇷
🇪🇸](https://github.com/leandromoreira/digital_video_introduction#how-does-a-video-codec-work)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/633026fdd058ab759997a837c682e710aa9720a66dd4996e0e5b5bb52dc1abc7/leandromoreira/digital_video_introduction)](https://github.com/leandromoreira/digital_video_introduction#how-does-a-video-codec-work)

</div>

A hands-on introduction to video technology: image, video, codec (av1,
vp9, h265) and more (ffmpeg encoding). Translations: 🇺🇸 🇨🇳 🇯🇵 🇮🇹 🇰🇷 🇷🇺
🇧🇷 🇪🇸 - leandromoreira/digital_video_introduction

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Pytorchvideo a deep learning library for video
understanding](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/pytorchvideo-a-deep-learning-library-for-video-understanding)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Video Compression
Basics](https://rastergrid.com/blog/multimedia/2021/05/video-compression-basics)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.rastergrid.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/fi_multimedia.jpg)](https://rastergrid.com/blog/multimedia/2021/05/video-compression-basics)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Nostalgia AI brings your photos to life just like in the ‘Harry
Potter](https://www.fastcompany.com/90611504/deep-nostalgia-ai-brings-your-photos-to-life-just-like-in-the-harry-potter-movies?partner=feedburner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2021/03/p-1-deep-nostalgia-ai-brings-your-photos-to-life-just-like-in-the-harry-potter-movies.gif)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90611504/deep-nostalgia-ai-brings-your-photos-to-life-just-like-in-the-harry-potter-movies?partner=feedburner)

</div>

Deep Nostalgia AI brings your photos to life just like in the Harry
Potter movies.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 TikTok Video Ideas for
Merchants](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/11-tiktok-video-ideas-for-merchants)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/11-TikTok-Video-Ideas-for-Merchants.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/11-tiktok-video-ideas-for-merchants)

</div>

You’ve downloaded TikTok and browsed the videos. Now you’re wondering
what content to create for your ecommerce business. There are many types
of videos to attract leads without dancing on camera. Here are 11 ideas
for all types of merchants.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Facebook](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?h=AT0KrDNkpsjVmwIBnJb9QbpLwwrbqpsMzaiS5j3HlcH5KgSjzvk61T3-KveR-HyxBjWWCp23oBmGHZQix7PO31ACcttpl5gMFqON8BJNHVsC5TER5wpPYCTetHE&u=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G76nKGWRLPU&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR3Un96cbRcyJ64QHsqkKrOAH0ITncHg_kHMJnLwXfKWwcj8tgJ61Lpgs68)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Star Wars Intro
Creator](https://starwarsintrocreator.kassellabs.io/#!/CMTu4owaRHPt9el4LR3Y)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://starwarsintrocreator.kassellabs.io/assets/preview.png)](https://starwarsintrocreator.kassellabs.io/#!/CMTu4owaRHPt9el4LR3Y)

</div>

Create your own Star Wars opening crawl.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 fabulous free apps for working with audio, video, and
images](https://www.fastcompany.com/90595548/best-free-audio-video-image-editors?partner=feedburner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2021/01/p-1-best-free-audio-video-image-editors.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90595548/best-free-audio-video-image-editors?partner=feedburner)

</div>

Whether you just need to crop a photo or are ready to edit an ambitious
video, you can get the job done without paying a dime.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PeerTube v3: it’s a live, a liiiiive ! –
Framablog](https://framablog.org/2021/01/07/peertube-v3-its-a-live-a-liiiiive)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://framablog.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/2020-12-11_peertube-V3_by-David-Revoy.jpeg)](https://framablog.org/2021/01/07/peertube-v3-its-a-live-a-liiiiive)

</div>

Today we are releasing a major new version of PeerTube, our alternative
to centralized video platforms like YouTube. Please note: La version
Française (originale) de cet article est disponible ici...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Discrete Cosine Transform in Video Compression - Explain Like I'm Five
\|
OT](https://ottverse.com/discrete-cosine-transform-dct-video-compression)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/ottverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Explain-the-Discrete-Cosine-Transform-to-a-5-Year-Old.jpg)](https://ottverse.com/discrete-cosine-transform-dct-video-compression)

</div>

Understand how the Discrete Cosine Transform or DCT works and is used in
Image and Video compression to reduce the size of the data without
affecting quality.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Let's build a video conferencing
app](https://dev.to/kannndev/let-s-build-a-video-conferencing-app-pp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fi%2Faogxf0mcv2gfjg7xogvb.gif)](https://dev.to/kannndev/let-s-build-a-video-conferencing-app-pp)

</div>

Hello Everyone👋, In this article we will see how to build a video
conferencing app. Prerequisites:...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Video Advertising Glossary -
SelectMedia](https://www.selectmedia.asia/news/video-advertising-glossary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.selectmedia.asia/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/COVERPHOTO-BLOGvideo-adversiting.png)](https://www.selectmedia.asia/news/video-advertising-glossary)

</div>

View our video advertising glossary and learn common terms that will
help you understand better the world of video advertising.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gifsicle: Command-Line Animated GIFs](https://www.lcdf.org/gifsicle)

</div>

Gifsicle is a powerful, simple command line tool for creating, editing,
and optimizing animated GIFs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://jellyfin.org/images/social.png)](https://jellyfin.org)

</div>

The volunteer-built media solution that puts you in control of your
media. Stream to any device from your own server, with no strings
attached.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why your next TV needs ‘filmmaker
mode’](https://techcrunch.com/2020/02/08/why-your-next-tv-needs-filmmaker-mode)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/getty-film-projector.jpg?resize=1200,797)](https://techcrunch.com/2020/02/08/why-your-next-tv-needs-filmmaker-mode)

</div>

TVs this year will ship with a new feature called "filmmaker mode," but
unlike the last dozen things the display industry has tried to foist on
consumers, this one actually matters. It doesn't magically turn your
living room into a movie theater, but it's an important step in that
direction.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[16 Tools to Grow a YouTube
Channel](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/14-Free-Tools-Resources-for-YouTube)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/16-Tools-to-Grow-a-YouTube-Channel.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/14-Free-Tools-Resources-for-YouTube)

</div>

Here is a list of tools to grow an audience on YouTube. There are tools
to produce and distribute content, manage campaigns, improve search
engine optimization, find the right influencers and consultants, and
track results.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[7 Fantastic eCommerce Product Videos and The Lessons They Taught
Us](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/ecommerce-product-videos.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.noupe.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/template-g3a5d3019b_1280.png)](https://www.noupe.com/business-online/ecommerce-product-videos.html)

</div>

Due to availability and ease of use, eCommerce companies have all but
taken most markets by storm, becoming the preferred purchase alternative
for

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Ode to the Video Store Chain, on the Occasion of Blockbuster’s
Demise](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/an-ode-to-the-video-store-chain-on-the-occasion-of-blockbuster-s-demise)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://txmo-server.imgix.net/2018/01/Blockbuster-closing118.jpg?auto=compress&crop=faces&fit=fit&h=781&ixlib=php-3.0.0&q=45&w=1250&s=a0bf3a657287845092e3a841c1c325d6)](https://getpocket.com/explore/item/an-ode-to-the-video-store-chain-on-the-occasion-of-blockbuster-s-demise)

</div>

Ah, video stores, where viewers—and cinephile clerks—got to develop
eclectic tastes.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Sites for Free Stock
Video](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/12-sites-for-free-stock-video)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/thumbnail-3.jpg)](https://www.practicalecommerce.com/12-sites-for-free-stock-video)

</div>

Adding video to your website design, particularly your home page, can
engage visitors. But producing original videos can be difficult and
expensive. Here is a list of websites to find free stock videos for
commercial use.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[30 Days Timelapse at Sea \| 4K \| Through Thunderstorms, Torrential
Rain & Busy Traffic](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AHrCI9eSJGQ)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/AHrCI9eSJGQ/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=AHrCI9eSJGQ)

</div>

Follow my adventures on Instagram! http://instagram.com/Jeffrey.hk
Dropped new timelapse! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JBMpzW_B58 Hi
all, i built a 24K resolution 360 camera specifically for upcoming 360
timelapse project. Check it out:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fseH9Kd5ooM If you'd like to support my
camera work so I can continue timelapse (this piece used up more than
half of my D750 Shutter Life. Rain and camera also don't get along)
please check out my patreon: https://www.patreon.com/YTJeffHK 30 Days of
Timelapse, about 80,000 photos combined. 1500GB of Project files.
Sailing in the open ocean is a unique feeling and experience.I hope to
capture and share it for everyone to see. Support my photo/videography
by buying through my affiliate links! Best Value Fullframe for timelapse
https://amzn.to/2MYk2vX Fisheye lens used in 30 days timelapse
https://amzn.to/30uE4Aw 360 camera I use https://amzn.to/2Qfgcku Drone
https://amzn.to/2Qhxk98 BIG JUICE powerbank for everything
https://amzn.to/304fKJq Gaffer Tape (no residue) https://amzn.to/2LCRLYq
Silica Gel Packs https://amzn.to/2N083xJ Good intervalometer
https://amzn.to/2N1ETOS Good Entry Tripod https://amzn.to/2ZWp8e7 Pro
Tripod https://amzn.to/2NYSlCH Budget Time lapse Motion Control
https://amzn.to/2A4H7Vd Advance time lapse Motion control
https://amzn.to/2PQ5ctn Route was from Red Sea -- Gulf of Aden -- Indian
Ocean -- Colombo -- Malacca Strait -- Singapore -- South East China Sea
-- Hong Kong Camera used: D750, Rokinon 12mm f/2.8 0:32 Milky Way 0:53
Sirius Star (I think) Correction: Jupiter the planet according to some
viewers 1:17 Approaching Port of Colombo 1:45 Cargo Operation 2:08
Departure Colombo with Rainstorm 2:29 Beautiful Sunrise 3:13 Lightning
Storm at Malacca Strait and Singapore Strait 3:29 Clear night sky Milky
Way with lightning storm 4:01 Camera getting soaked 5:09 Arrival
Singapore 5:56 Departure Singapore 6:20 Moon-lit night sky 6:48 Another
Sunrise 8:30 Headed due north and you can see Ursa Major rotating neatly
around Polaris. 8:36 Squid Boats 8:54 Chaotic Traffic 9:15 Arrival Hong
Kong Music: Philip G Anderson - Winter (from 0:00 to 4:37 and 8:00 to
10:00) Buy Winter here:
https://philipganderson.bandcamp.com/album/winter Stellardrone -
Billions And Billions (from 4:37 to 8:00) =====10 Reasons Why Maritime
is AWESOME ===== https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U18AHZbS_M =====10
Reasons Why Maritime SUCKS =====
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdMYEKwxTyo =====How To Anchor a
Mega-Ship ===== https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62O7KYfb4GA =====Where
did I go last 2 months?? Cancun Adventure======
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsizwRUXoa0 =====Navigation Bridge of a
Mega Ship===== https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj3_peT4u9M =====A Tour
of Mega Ship's Engine Room=====
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7BhBsVigZw =====HEAVY SEAS! Bad Weather
in Atlantic Ocean===== https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZA6gNeZ5G4
=====Cargo Operations on Ship=====
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj7ixi2lqF4 =====Top 6 Questions about
Merchant Marine===== https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBpQ9Y4jEfg

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Max Cooper - Emergence](http://emergence.maxcooper.net)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://emergence.maxcooper.net/src/gfx/share.jpg)](http://emergence.maxcooper.net)

</div>

Emergence is the story of natural laws and processes, their inherent
beauty, and their action to yield the universe, us and the world we live
in.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Mauritania Railway: backbone of the
Sahara](https://aeon.co/videos/careening-through-the-desert-a-massive-railway-sustains-life-in-northwest-africa)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/8b9b7be9-628e-4acd-98b6-407253d876b1/maurinaia-railway-v2.jpg?width=1200&quality=75&format=auto)](https://aeon.co/videos/careening-through-the-desert-a-massive-railway-sustains-life-in-northwest-africa)

</div>

Careening through the desert, a massive railway sustains life in
northwest Africa

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The art of flying (short
version)](https://aeon.co/videos/one-of-the-most-wondrous-markers-of-the-end-of-the-day-is-a-murmuration-of-starlings)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.aeonmedia.co/images/b451f96e-52a2-4540-ace7-f2543e6b0530/art-of-flying-v2.jpg?width=1200&quality=75&format=auto)](https://aeon.co/videos/one-of-the-most-wondrous-markers-of-the-end-of-the-day-is-a-murmuration-of-starlings)

</div>

One of the most wondrous markers of the end of the day is a murmuration
of starlings

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Thirty days of a cargo ship’s
voyage](https://aeon.co/videos/from-the-red-sea-to-hong-kong-in-10-minutes-a-stunning-cargo-ship-timelapse)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/AHrCI9eSJGQ/hqdefault.jpg)](https://aeon.co/videos/from-the-red-sea-to-hong-kong-in-10-minutes-a-stunning-cargo-ship-timelapse)

</div>

From the Red Sea to Hong Kong in 10 minutes – a stunning cargo-ship
timelapse

</div>

</div>
