<div class="nav">

⟵ [Up](index.html)  \|  [Index](index.html)

</div>

# visualization

<div class="cards">

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Python One-Liners for Statistical
Plotting](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-for-statistical-plotting/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/sta-ferrer-10-python-one-liners-statistical-plotting-1024x683.png)](https://www.statology.org/10-python-one-liners-for-statistical-plotting/)

</div>

Master fast, powerful ways to visualize data with these compact,
ready-to-use Python one-liners.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing Data: A Statology Primer -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/visualizing-data-statology-primer?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=visualizing-data-a-statology-primer)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.kdnuggets.com/wp-content/uploads/statology-primer-header-5.png)](https://www.kdnuggets.com/visualizing-data-statology-primer?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=visualizing-data-a-statology-primer)

</div>

This collection of tutorials from our sister site Statology center on
data visualization. Learn more about visualizing your data right here.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Book Of Shaders](https://thebookofshaders.com/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://thebookofshaders.com/thumb.png)](https://thebookofshaders.com/)

</div>

Gentle step-by-step guide through the abstract and complex universe of
Fragment Shaders.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Statology Sprint: Visual Model Evaluation with
Yellowbrick](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-visual-model-evaluation-with-yellowbrick/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.statology.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/sta-sprint-yellowbrick.png)](https://www.statology.org/statology-sprint-visual-model-evaluation-with-yellowbrick/)

</div>

This Sprint focuses on Yellowbrick, a Python visualization library that
extends the scikit-learn API to incorporate visual diagnostics in your
machine learning workflow.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[@cloudofoz - Verlet simulation
test](https://www.cloudofoz.com/verlet-test/)

</div>

A 2D cloth Verlet simulation made in Rust

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Random Points on a
Sphere](https://www.jasondavies.com/maps/random-points/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Apache ECharts](https://echarts.apache.org/en/index.html)

</div>

Apache ECharts, a powerful, interactive charting and visualization
library for browser

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Examples \| Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/examples.html)

</div>

Create diagrams and visualizations using text and code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[From Loops to Klein Bottles: Uncovering Hidden Topology in High
Dimensional
Data](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/m4fzvBgw95LjkJKjG/from-loops-to-klein-bottles-uncovering-hidden-topology-in)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://res.cloudinary.com/lesswrong-2-0/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto/v1/mirroredImages/m4fzvBgw95LjkJKjG/a7rjviqzlyjwhbvbwo8w)](https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/m4fzvBgw95LjkJKjG/from-loops-to-klein-bottles-uncovering-hidden-topology-in)

</div>

Motivation • Dimensionality reduction is vital to  the analysis of high
dimensional data, i.e. data with many features. It allows for better
understa…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[mermaid/README.md at develop ·
mermaid-js/mermaid](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/blob/develop/README.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/375917af91f95090ff80a30ff8f509abcd7caed207e0c73c92e88251971f8e65/mermaid-js/mermaid)](https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid/blob/develop/README.md)

</div>

Generation of diagrams like flowcharts or sequence diagrams from text in
a similar manner as markdown - mermaid-js/mermaid

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual Vocabulary](http://ft-interactive.github.io/visual-vocabulary/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing all the books in the
world](https://flowingdata.com/2025/02/26/visualizing-all-the-books-in-the-world/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/all-the-books.png)](https://flowingdata.com/2025/02/26/visualizing-all-the-books-in-the-world/)

</div>

To show a catalog of almost 100 million books in one view, phiresky
mapped them based on International Standard Book Numbers, or ISBNs, with
an interactive visualization.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Moon – Bartosz Ciechanowski](https://ciechanow.ski/moon/)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ciechanow.ski/images/og/moon.png)](https://ciechanow.ski/moon/)

</div>

Interactive article about the Moon

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The best R packages for data
visualization](https://r-graph-gallery.com/best-dataviz-packages.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.r-graph-gallery.com/img/overview_RGG.png)](https://r-graph-gallery.com/best-dataviz-packages.html)

</div>

A list of the most powerful R packages to create stunning graphs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[I found a hidden gem in Matplotlib’s library: Packed Bubble Charts in
Pytho](https://towardsdatascience.com/i-found-a-hidden-gem-in-matplotlibs-library-packed-bubble-charts-in-python-d0f5d892beb7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:890/1*S6VkCD3s72MhxCI4qskyWQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/i-found-a-hidden-gem-in-matplotlibs-library-packed-bubble-charts-in-python-d0f5d892beb7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Ever wished to design those beautiful Tableau based packed bubble
charts? Follow along for a tutorial on the Matplotlib solution

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Run Charts - Improvement \|
theCompleteMedic](https://thecompletemedic.com/improvement/run-charts#runs)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecompletemedic.com/images/banner/qi/run_medium.jpg)](https://thecompletemedic.com/improvement/run-charts#runs)

</div>

Create your first run chart and start interpreting your data using just
four rules. Your go-to QI resource.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Race Charts In R: How To Visualize And Compare Change Over Time With
Gganim](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/race-charts-in-r-how-to-visualize-and-compare-change-over-time-with-gganimate)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://wordpress.appsilon.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/6671684b77c3acfda50cc0bf_gganimate2-p-800.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/race-charts-in-r-how-to-visualize-and-compare-change-over-time-with-gganimate)

</div>

So, you’ve mastered the basics of ggplot2 animation and are now looking
for a real-world challenge? You’re in the right place. After reading
this one, you’ll know how to download and visualize stock data change
through something known as race charts. You can think of race charts as
dynamic visualizations (typically bar charts) that display \[…\] The
post appeared first on appsilon.com/blog/.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Something a llttle different: Hexbin
maps](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/something-a-llttle-different-hexbin-maps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg7313wNj2CkVPdSyNk0xGKrh7sPzwP8uhGQ1TdCd62a6j1IiLmuy7ximaqHIYLnv1sxZh76VDZvbZYZxwScJsiew6CTZEOqd2U8qrsH85dFVkJdQ6LBE1SZNYrrZ3JxYfdLvMTrbseaRNDRZA8bAW6X7ByywoTc-pkbYE8zwT3MV9Hz7KyrM9pFNPF5XE/s600/hexbin.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/something-a-llttle-different-hexbin-maps)

</div>

Something a llttle different: Hexbin maps by Jerry Tuttle I recently
became acquainted with hexbin maps, so I thought I would experiment with
one. In a hexbin map, each geographical region is represented by an
equall...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Decent Patterns](https://decentpatterns.com/library)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://decentpatterns.com/images/meta/og.jpg)](https://decentpatterns.com/library)

</div>

Decent Patterns is a collective effort to further the adoption of
decentralized technologies by providing open tooling and resources for
the community.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[  The power of beauty in communicating complex
ideas](https://www.doc.cc/articles/power-of-beauty)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.prismic.io/doc-ux-collective/ZlO5DCk0V36pXo7Y_image7.jpg?auto=format%2Ccompress&rect=1440%2C74%2C3157%2C1631&w=1200&h=620)](https://www.doc.cc/articles/power-of-beauty)

</div>

Can designers defend pursuing beauty when communicating science or
innovation?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visual Hash \| Decent
Patterns](https://decentpatterns.com/library/visual-hash)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://decentpatterns.com/images/meta/og.jpg)](https://decentpatterns.com/library/visual-hash)

</div>

Decent Patterns is a collective effort to further the adoption of
decentralized technologies by providing open tooling and resources for
the community.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Why you shouldn’t use
boxplots](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/why-you-shouldnt-use-boxplots)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://albert-rapp.de/posts/ggplot2-tips/29_no_boxplots/29_no_boxplots_files/figure-html/unnamed-chunk-1-1.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2024/06/why-you-shouldnt-use-boxplots)

</div>

Box plots are a very common tool in data visualization to show how your
data is distributed. But they have a crucial flaw. Let’s find out what
that flaw is. And if you’re interested in the video version of this blog
post, you can find it here: ...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Create With Data](http://d3indepth.com)

</div>

true

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Advanced Data Visualization
Concepts](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/05/15/advanced-data-visualization-concepts)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Advanced-Data-Visualization-Concepts-.png)](https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2024/05/15/advanced-data-visualization-concepts)

</div>

In this article, I'll take you through some advanced data visualization
concepts you should know to enhance your graphs.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bubbles, they bounce! Introducing bubble
charts](https://flourish.studio/blog/introducing-bubble-chart-template)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flourish.studio/images/blog/bubble-chart-meta-image.png)](https://flourish.studio/blog/introducing-bubble-chart-template)

</div>

Bubble charts are an engaging way to visualize groups of people or
events. Flourish allows you to create interactive bubble charts with
multiple image and label options.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[wireviz/WireViz: Easily document cables and wiring
harnesses.](https://github.com/wireviz/WireViz)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/9bec5a097ab09cc8ebaccc77362a6097058bc5ad1d09386a9f1e69ad6c8ef8e9/wireviz/WireViz)](https://github.com/wireviz/WireViz)

</div>

Easily document cables and wiring harnesses.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org)

</div>

Create diagrams and visualizations using text and code.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Conquering System Design Diagrams: My Shift to
Mermaid.js](https://dev.to/rusydy/conquering-system-design-diagrams-my-shift-to-mermaidjs-5bol)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fnfimztiu39s8ws6kgffr.png)](https://dev.to/rusydy/conquering-system-design-diagrams-my-shift-to-mermaidjs-5bol)

</div>

Diagrams are the cornerstone of software development, illuminating
complex systems and fostering...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Implementing Bloom Effect with Mapbox and
Three.js](https://dev.to/ethanzf/implementing-bloom-effect-with-mapbox-and-threejs-3m9j)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fvgcfhu8nejfu4co3ppj1.png)](https://dev.to/ethanzf/implementing-bloom-effect-with-mapbox-and-threejs-3m9j)

</div>

Bloom effects are typically used to enhance the brightness and lighting
effects of images or scenes,...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Useful Visualizations to Enhance Your
Analysis](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-useful-visualizations-to-enhance-your-analysis-022a5dd67912)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*2i9Dkl-66wK6MhaffPAJmw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-useful-visualizations-to-enhance-your-analysis-022a5dd67912)

</div>

Use Python’s statistical visualization library Seaborn to level up your
analysis.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[My favourite animation trick: exponential
smoothing](https://lisyarus.github.io/blog/programming/2023/02/21/exponential-smoothing.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://lisyarus.github.io/blog/media/exponential-smoothing/cover.png)](https://lisyarus.github.io/blog/programming/2023/02/21/exponential-smoothing.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Master Dispersion Plots in 6
Minutes!](https://towardsdatascience.com/master-dispersion-plots-in-6-minutes-241d15f22702)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1024/1*PLjvofU_cA8ECV_MBo5PAw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/master-dispersion-plots-in-6-minutes-241d15f22702)

</div>

Learn graphical text analysis with NLTK

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Airfoil – Bartosz Ciechanowski](https://ciechanow.ski/airfoil)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ciechanow.ski/images/og/airfoil.png)](https://ciechanow.ski/airfoil)

</div>

Interactive article explaining the physics of an airfoil and what makes
airplanes fly

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome \| Superset](https://superset.apache.org)

</div>

Community website for Apache Superset™, a data visualization and data
exploration platform

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Matrix Product Interpretations and
Visualizations](https://www.linearalgebraforprogrammers.com/blog/matmul_animations)

</div>

Matrix Product Interpretations and Visualizations: Learn Linear Algebra
from scratch. Build a foundation for Machine Learning and other key
technologies.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Drawing 10 Million Points With ggplot: Clifford
Attractors](https://fronkonstin.com/2017/11/07/drawing-10-million-points-with-ggplot-clifford-attractors)

</div>

For me, mathematics cultivates a perpetual state of wonder about the
nature of mind, the limits of thoughts, and our place in this vast
cosmos (Clifford A. Pickover - The Math Book: From Pythagoras to the
57th Dimension, 250 Milestones in the History of Mathematics) I am a big
fan of Clifford Pickover and I

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Matplotlib: Make Your Plotting Life Easier with
rcParams](https://towardsdatascience.com/matplotlib-make-your-plotting-life-easier-with-rcparams-d88f202fa83c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:811/1*xLV-QQ6hpJMWJMYbXgQAQw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/matplotlib-make-your-plotting-life-easier-with-rcparams-d88f202fa83c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Consistently beautiful plots with less code and minimal effort

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Grow a Treemap with Python and Plotly
Express](https://towardsdatascience.com/grow-a-treemap-with-python-and-plotly-express-963706a2bd74?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*BWUeN6XQV8qx8VNGA5a5OQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/grow-a-treemap-with-python-and-plotly-express-963706a2bd74?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Turn a government PDF into a financial planning tool

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Periodic Table of Visualization
Methods](https://www.visual-literacy.org/periodic_table/periodic_table.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Inside the Matrix: Visualizing Matrix Multiplication, Attention and
Beyond](https://pytorch.org/blog/inside-the-matrix)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pytorch.org/assets/images/social-share.jpg)](https://pytorch.org/blog/inside-the-matrix)

</div>

Use 3D to visualize matrix multiplication expressions, attention heads
with real weights, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating Incredible Decision Tree Visualizations with
dtreeviz](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-incredible-decision-tree-visualizations-with-dtreeviz-820c6547b6a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*M4NlNhhvduZH-xLq6YFgfg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-incredible-decision-tree-visualizations-with-dtreeviz-820c6547b6a9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

How to visualize decision tree models with this useful library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[✚ Visualization Tools and Learning Resources – March 2023
Roundup](https://flowingdata.com/2023/03/30/process-232-roundup)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/process-231-featured.png?fit=1200%2C672&quality=100&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2023/03/30/process-232-roundup)

</div>

This is the good stuff for March.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designing Beautiful Tables in
R](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2023/03/designing-beautiful-tables-in-r)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.r-bloggers.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/R_02_2016-05-01.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/2023/03/designing-beautiful-tables-in-r)

</div>

Learn how to design beautiful tables in R! Join our workshop on
Designing Beautiful Tables in R which is a part of our workshops for
Ukraine series. Here’s some more info: Title: Designing Beautiful Tables
in R Date: Thursday, April 27th, 18:00 – 20:00 CEST (Rome, Berlin, Paris
timezone) Speaker: Tanya Shapiro is a freelance … Continue reading
Designing Beautiful Tables in RDesigning Beautiful Tables in R was first
posted on March 25, 2023 at 3:28 pm.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Configuring the spyrograph trace method to explore stunning geometric
visua](https://dev.to/chrisgreening/configuring-the-spyrograph-trace-method-to-explore-stunning-geometric-visualizations-in-python-23gc)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2Fy1dnh8w7boweqj2nxfdr.gif)](https://dev.to/chrisgreening/configuring-the-spyrograph-trace-method-to-explore-stunning-geometric-visualizations-in-python-23gc)

</div>

DISCLAIMER: This blog post was written by a human with the help of AI
Hypotrochoids and epitrochoids...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[voila · PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/voila)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://pypi.org/static/images/twitter.abaf4b19.webp)](https://pypi.org/project/voila)

</div>

Voilà turns Jupyter notebooks into standalone web applications

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Unique Charts You Wouldn’t Think Were Created with
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-unique-charts-created-with-matplotlib-you-probably-havent-seen-before-421ab8cdd36f)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:975/1*uIp1dJpebnY7K5T56kmtQg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-unique-charts-created-with-matplotlib-you-probably-havent-seen-before-421ab8cdd36f)

</div>

Utilising Python’s Matplotlib to Create Advanced Data Visualisations

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[50 chart types for data visualization
explained](https://dev.to/jscharting/50-chart-types-for-data-visualization-explained-1f5g)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F5jbu2sqtas2cdpjd4p0x.png)](https://dev.to/jscharting/50-chart-types-for-data-visualization-explained-1f5g)

</div>

Charts are a powerful tool for data visualization, but with so many
chart types available, it can be...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Erich's Packing
Center](https://erich-friedman.github.io/packing/index.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make 40 interactive plots to analyze your machine learning
pipeline](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-40-interactive-plots-to-analyze-your-machine-learning-pipeline-ee718afd7bc2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*WDU93_y4BTEMT_iL)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-make-40-interactive-plots-to-analyze-your-machine-learning-pipeline-ee718afd7bc2)

</div>

A quick guide on how to make clean-looking, interactive Python plots to
validate your data and model

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using PyGWalker to Enhance Your Jupyter Notebook EDA
Experience](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-pygwalker-to-enhance-your-jupyter-notebook-eda-experience-d7a5ee358be9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1130/1*jJDVB9TlJWJd-TAH3_9Myg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/use-pygwalker-to-enhance-your-jupyter-notebook-eda-experience-d7a5ee358be9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

An Introduction to the PyGWalker Library for Easy Data Visualisation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[kauffecup/react-bubble-chart: A React+D3 animated bubble
chart](https://github.com/kauffecup/react-bubble-chart)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/14468e435f8b86ce334e3c9939dfef455d550486f98d56ea34f38a72ca76aac6/kauffecup/react-bubble-chart)](https://github.com/kauffecup/react-bubble-chart)

</div>

A React+D3 animated bubble chart.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating an interactive SVG: The circle of
fifths](https://dev.to/logrocket/creating-an-interactive-svg-the-circle-of-fifths-1ak6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.dev.to/dynamic/image/width=1000,height=500,fit=cover,gravity=auto,format=auto/https%3A%2F%2Fdev-to-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fuploads%2Farticles%2F7jwzd18b08kyn0imgbhq.png)](https://dev.to/logrocket/creating-an-interactive-svg-the-circle-of-fifths-1ak6)

</div>

Written by Mads Stoumann✏️ Not so long ago, these beautiful posters
showed up in an advertisement on...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Simple Ways to Create a Waterfall Plot in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-simple-ways-to-create-a-waterfall-plot-in-python-1124f7afc90f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*b67XM7qmBwSI5_XIqCUOPQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-simple-ways-to-create-a-waterfall-plot-in-python-1124f7afc90f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to quickly create a presentation-ready plot to aid your data
storytelling

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Beautiful Waffle Charts for Data Visualisation in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-beautiful-waffle-charts-for-data-visualisation-in-python-e9760a3f8594)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*jb3FPp7GYp1p3Hv3)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-beautiful-waffle-charts-for-data-visualisation-in-python-e9760a3f8594)

</div>

A Great Alternative to Pie Charts for Data Visualisation

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Visualization](https://socviz.co/maps.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://socviz.co/assets/dv-cover-executive-b.jpg)](https://socviz.co/maps.html)

</div>

A practical introduction.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Unimpressed With Your Scatter and Bar Plots? Give These Four Classic
Altern](https://towardsdatascience.com/unimpressed-with-your-scatter-and-bar-plots-give-these-four-classic-alternatives-a-try-a3bab20d4872)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*Fots6K9qBBYOVPCo)](https://towardsdatascience.com/unimpressed-with-your-scatter-and-bar-plots-give-these-four-classic-alternatives-a-try-a3bab20d4872)

</div>

Better alternatives to scatter, bar, and line plots.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[red-data-tools/YouPlot: A command line tool that draw plots on the
terminal.](https://github.com/red-data-tools/YouPlot)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/283230219/91a7df00-dd67-11eb-8d1c-8c7725a92107)](https://github.com/red-data-tools/YouPlot)

</div>

A command line tool that draw plots on the terminal. -
red-data-tools/YouPlot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to draw ideas - Ralph
Ammer](https://ralphammer.com/how-to-draw-ideas)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ralphammer.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/1_howtodrawideas_thumb-1.gif)](https://ralphammer.com/how-to-draw-ideas)

</div>

Four ways how to use drawing to get more ideas: Study, Explore, Develop,
and Show. They will boost your creativity.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[aBiogenesis on
Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/159624143/aBiogenesis)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Orthographic shading / D3 \|
Observable](https://observablehq.com/@d3/orthographic-shading)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/b74663b942ee718206d9870a59fb6a279ebe86fb7d9608cbad2ac80265914573.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/orthographic-shading)

</div>

Step 1. Create a grid Use d3.geoGraticule10 to create lines of constant
longitude and latitude. Step 2. Apply clipping Set projection.clipAngle
to 90° to show only the front hemisphere. Stroke the outline of the
sphere to better separate the globe from the background. Step 3. Apply a
radial gradient Apply a radial gradient to simulate lighting on a
diffuse surface. Appendix

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Adaptive Sampling](https://observablehq.com/@d3/adaptive-sampling)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/edcde98fd5302a89f5943460bb6e734bc882dbdcc45c791652ddf13919f18d5a.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/adaptive-sampling)

</div>

D3’s projections use adaptive sampling to increase the accuracy of
projected lines and polygons while still performing efficiently. Without
sampling, only the input vertices of polygons are projected. This
results in the artifacts (visible above) due to projected lines becoming
curves. Uniform sampling improves the appearance by adding interstitial
samples between input vertices. It is inefficient because most samples
are not needed, and even areas of extreme distortion still exhibit
artifacts! Adaptive sam

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3.js - Data-Driven Documents](https://d3js.org)

</div>

The JavaScript library for bespoke data visualization

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[11 Less Used but Important Plots for Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-less-used-but-important-plots-for-data-science-dede3f9b7ebd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*bhEmrxTUTfh1ntw7ZfY2lg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/11-less-used-but-important-plots-for-data-science-dede3f9b7ebd?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Some Unique Data Visualization Techniques for Getting High-Level Insight
into the Data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Data Cards Playbook: A Toolkit for Transparency in Dataset
Documentatio](http://ai.googleblog.com/2022/11/the-data-cards-playbook-toolkit-for.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-research2023-media/images/652ef52ec83d04e41066c286cf36bcb9-i.width-800.format-jpeg.jpg)](http://ai.googleblog.com/2022/11/the-data-cards-playbook-toolkit-for.html)

</div>

Posted by Mahima Pushkarna, Senior Interaction Designer, and Andrew
Zaldivar, Senior Developer Relations Engineer, Google Research As
machine learn...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ways to use a Seaborn Heatmap (Python
Tutorial)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-use-a-seaborn-heatmap-python-tutorial-c79950f5add3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1067/1*B8m3aVg6TDlPQKGVRqqKRQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-use-a-seaborn-heatmap-python-tutorial-c79950f5add3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using a heatmap to visualise a confusion matrix, time-series movements,
temperature changes, correlation matrix and SHAP interaction values

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Ways to Transform Your Seaborn Data
Visualisations](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-transform-your-seaborn-data-visualisations-1ed2cb484e38?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1132/0*KlbNuVg0R2lCnlR7)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-ways-to-transform-your-seaborn-data-visualisations-1ed2cb484e38?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Simple and easy pieces of code to enhance your seaborn scatter plots

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Step Up Your Game in Making Beautiful Choropleth
Maps](https://towardsdatascience.com/step-up-your-game-in-making-beautiful-choropleth-maps-ab7d3428b3ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*LH1YIfbizTW6YaNokOU0tQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/step-up-your-game-in-making-beautiful-choropleth-maps-ab7d3428b3ab?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A guide on how to make different types of maps using Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sound – Bartosz Ciechanowski](https://ciechanow.ski/sound)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ciechanow.ski/images/og/sound.png)](https://ciechanow.ski/sound)

</div>

Interactive article explaining how sound works.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hands-on Guide to Create beautiful Sankey Charts in d3js with
Python.](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-create-beautiful-sankey-charts-in-d3js-with-python-8ddab43edb43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*ZYUl6vyNgwraVhBNjf-Dig.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hands-on-guide-to-create-beautiful-sankey-charts-in-d3js-with-python-8ddab43edb43?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The Sankey chart is a great way to discover the most prominent
contributions just by looking at how individual items flow across
states.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[12 Essential Visualizations and How to Implement Them, Part
2](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-essential-visualizations-and-how-to-implement-them-part-2-e47c1d4b9784?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*pCR4l48i-XXzas4dI-6yyg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/12-essential-visualizations-and-how-to-implement-them-part-2-e47c1d4b9784?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

We look at how to create the 12 most useful graphs and charts in Python
and Streamlit

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create Storytelling Moving Bubbles Charts in d3js with
Python.](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-storytelling-moving-bubbles-charts-in-d3js-with-python-b31cec7b8226)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*EXijXJ24_hS6PnT0AK-VKw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-storytelling-moving-bubbles-charts-in-d3js-with-python-b31cec7b8226)

</div>

The MovingBubble chart is one of those mind-blowing charts to look at.
Learn how to create them using your own data set and Python!

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[19 Examples of Merging plots to Maximize your Clustering Scatter
plot](https://towardsdatascience.com/19-examples-of-merging-plots-to-maximize-your-clustering-scatter-plot-87e8f1bb5fd2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Kt9znlQcR2oO3utt723N2w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/19-examples-of-merging-plots-to-maximize-your-clustering-scatter-plot-87e8f1bb5fd2?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Mix and match plots to get more information from a scatter plot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Fundamentals of Data Visualization](https://clauswilke.com/dataviz)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://clauswilke.com/dataviz/cover.png)](https://clauswilke.com/dataviz)

</div>

A guide to making visualizations that accurately reflect the data, tell
a story, and look professional.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3Blocks: The Python Library to Create Interactive and Standalone D3js
Char](https://towardsdatascience.com/d3blocks-the-python-library-to-create-interactive-and-standalone-d3js-charts-3dda98ce97d4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*eoQCZAs_M5Fk0RPYenqhuw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/d3blocks-the-python-library-to-create-interactive-and-standalone-d3js-charts-3dda98ce97d4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create interactive, and stand-alone charts that are built on the
graphics of d3 javascript (d3js) but configurable with Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Use UMAP For Much Faster And Effective Outlier
Detection](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-umap-for-much-faster-and-effective-outlier-detection-e4608f336915?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*VcPO-EiZlPD8zcLzwo8niQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-umap-for-much-faster-and-effective-outlier-detection-e4608f336915?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Let’s catch those high-dimensional outliers

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://www.einblick.ai/blog/problems-with-notebooks-msftpaper/](https://www.einblick.ai/blog/problems-with-notebooks-msftpaper)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[rbokeh: How To Create Interactive Plots In
R](https://towardsdatascience.com/rbokeh-how-to-create-interactive-plots-in-r-cf8fd528b3d5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*7lQ1CJB2j0oGPKUWGh43yQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/rbokeh-how-to-create-interactive-plots-in-r-cf8fd528b3d5)

</div>

Effective interactive data visualizations in R

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[9 Visualizations with Python that Catch More Attention than a Bar
Chart](https://towardsdatascience.com/9-visualizations-that-catch-more-attention-than-a-bar-chart-72d3aeb2e091)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*Sw4KsZy5gILA-h1vVJhD_w.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/9-visualizations-that-catch-more-attention-than-a-bar-chart-72d3aeb2e091)

</div>

Creating eye-catching graphs with Python to use instead of bar charts.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Developer Center \| Targomo
Developers!](https://www.targomo.com/developers)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.targomo.com/developers/images/previews/tgm-developers-preview.png)](https://www.targomo.com/developers)

</div>

Build the next generation of Location Intelligence applications with the
Targomo API

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Isochrone Map Generator: How to Create Travel Time Maps \|
Blog](https://traveltime.com/blog/free-isochrone-map-generator)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://traveltime.com/base/_next/static/media/og.c60fb9fb.png)](https://traveltime.com/blog/free-isochrone-map-generator)

</div>

Learn how to create isochrones for different transport modes with our
free isochrone map generator, Isochrone API or software plugins.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Stream Graphs Basics with Python's
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/stream-graphs-basics-with-pythons-matplotlib-5165828359a5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*XpLxl8Uv2FhNXQUJVez8Pw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/stream-graphs-basics-with-pythons-matplotlib-5165828359a5?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

The good-looking cousin of stacked area charts

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[4 Quick Tricks For Better Plots in
Matplotlib](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-quick-tricks-for-better-plots-in-matplotlib-1efd82acd780)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:432/1*RFzK2_u8QjPnakNWdK9taA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/4-quick-tricks-for-better-plots-in-matplotlib-1efd82acd780)

</div>

Easily adding arrows, multiple axes, gradient fill, and more

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Command Line \|
Graphviz](https://www.graphviz.org/doc/info/command.html)

</div>

DOT rendering programs and utilities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[6 Hierarchical
DataVisualizations](https://towardsdatascience.com/6-hierarchical-datavisualizations-98318851c7c5)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*QCVF5No6qbvQJGYguVWR5A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/6-hierarchical-datavisualizations-98318851c7c5)

</div>

Create a variety of data visualizations with hierarchical data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Life in Motion: A Guide to Animating Mobile Data
Visualizations](https://www.toptal.com/designers/data-visualization/mobile-data-visualization)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/components/open_graph_image/8960963/og_image/optimized/OPEN_GRAPH-250a33f570ae7e108e07179a3897d211.png)](https://www.toptal.com/designers/data-visualization/mobile-data-visualization)

</div>

Animation can help people make sense of all the data at their
fingertips.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[✚ Visualization Tools and Learning Resources, June 2022
Roundup](https://flowingdata.com/2022/06/30/process-195-roundup)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/process-195-featured.png?fit=1200%2C672&quality=100&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2022/06/30/process-195-roundup)

</div>

Here’s the good stuff for June.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Density Contours](https://observablehq.com/@d3/density-contours/3)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/6315ec820ee2cd15bf4b2a5afeac9eb2a61e1e9450713c9694b735487dd5c1de.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/density-contours/3)

</div>

This chart shows the relationship between idle and eruption times for
Old Faithful. See also the importable chart component version of this
example.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Web Design Done Well: Delightful Data Visualization
Examples](https://smashingmagazine.com/2022/06/web-design-done-well-delightful-data-visualization-examples)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/6b1a5a7a-d478-4c0c-b4c8-782bf7fa7f42/web-design-done-well-delightful-data-visualization-examples.jpg)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2022/06/web-design-done-well-delightful-data-visualization-examples)

</div>

All the data in the world won’t do anyone any good if we can’t make
sense of it. Or better yet, make it sing. Here are some stunning
examples of data visualization in the wild, and some pointers on how to
start making your own.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sankey Diagram: Transform Your Data Flows into
Insights](https://ppcexpo.com/blog/visualizing-customer-journey-with-sankey-diagram)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ppcexpo.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2024/06/sankey-diagram.jpg)](https://ppcexpo.com/blog/visualizing-customer-journey-with-sankey-diagram)

</div>

A Sankey diagram is a collection of nodes which are connected with each
other to show data flow or hierarchical data connected from one to
another.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[What type of Data Does a Sankey Diagram Generally
Use?](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/what-type-of-data-does-a-sankey-diagram-generally-use)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Multi-Level.png)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/what-type-of-data-does-a-sankey-diagram-generally-use)

</div>

Data visualization breaks down complex data values into simple and
flexible elements that you can easily deal with without being worried.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Battle of Choropleths — Part 3 —
Folium](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-battle-of-choropleths-part-3-folium-86ab1232afc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:807/1*-KH2xQlqnHZIFJyKhgNZ3g.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-battle-of-choropleths-part-3-folium-86ab1232afc?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Using the Folium Package to Create Stunning Choropleths

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Designers take note: a freemium version of Photoshop is in the
works](https://www.yankodesign.com/2022/06/16/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2022/06/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works/photoshop-web-0.jpg)](https://www.yankodesign.com/2022/06/16/designers-take-note-a-freemium-version-of-photoshop-is-in-the-works)

</div>

Adobe Photoshop is still the king of the graphics software industry, by
name if not in practice. It is still the bread and butter of artists,
designers, illustrators, and creatives, even when there are more focused
applications available, like ones for making comics or manga, for
example. Despite its popularity, getting legitimate access to Photoshop

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating Choropleth Maps with Python’s Folium
Library](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-choropleth-maps-with-pythons-folium-library-cfacfb40f56a)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*RYXajNfZq48PLHGBo3xUTQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-choropleth-maps-with-pythons-folium-library-cfacfb40f56a)

</div>

How to make choropleths with different data structures in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Magical SVG
Techniques](https://smashingmagazine.com/2022/05/magical-svg-techniques)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://archive.smashing.media/assets/344dbf88-fdf9-42bb-adb4-46f01eedd629/6be13a6e-5850-49e2-82b0-89d47212c66c/animated-debit-card-opt.png)](https://smashingmagazine.com/2022/05/magical-svg-techniques)

</div>

Smart SVG techniques, from generative SVG grids to SVG paths with masks,
grainy SVG gradients, cut-out effects and fractional SVG stars. Let’s
look at some magical SVG techniques that you can use right away.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An in-depth SVG tutorial](https://flaviocopes.com/svg)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://flaviocopes.com/og.jpg)](https://flaviocopes.com/svg)

</div>

SVG is an awesome and incredibly powerful image format. This tutorial
gives you an overview of SVG by explaining all you need to know in a
simple way

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[10 Must-know Seaborn Functions for Multivariate Data Analysis in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-must-know-seaborn-functions-for-multivariate-data-analysis-in-python-7ba94847b117?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*eG-_eWjmymqzI7bW)](https://towardsdatascience.com/10-must-know-seaborn-functions-for-multivariate-data-analysis-in-python-7ba94847b117?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn how to visualize data using Seaborn’s axes-level and figure-level
plots

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Best Seaborn Visualizations for Data
Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/best-seaborn-visualizations-for-data-science-3d866f99c3a9)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*KAVbz0w-ti08IMch)](https://towardsdatascience.com/best-seaborn-visualizations-for-data-science-3d866f99c3a9)

</div>

Exploring some of the best visualization options for data science
projects with the Seaborn library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3 Tips and Tricks
v3.x](https://www.dbooks.org/d/1229-1608012891-c2a119647c9a60a6)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.dbooks.org/img/books/1229.jpg)](https://www.dbooks.org/d/1229-1608012891-c2a119647c9a60a6)

</div>

Download D3 Tips and Tricks v3.x ebook for free

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[R Graphics Cookbook, 2nd edition](https://r-graphics.org)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://r-graphics.org/cover.jpg)](https://r-graphics.org)

</div>

This cookbook contains more than 150 recipes to help scientists,
engineers, programmers, and data analysts generate high-quality graphs
quickly—without having to comb through all the details of R’s graphing
systems. Each recipe tackles a specific problem with a solution you can
apply to your own project and includes a discussion of how and why the
recipe works.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Want to ditch Pinterest? Here are the best alternatives for visual
inspiration - Fast
Company](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2020/09/p-1-90547531-take-pinterest-off-your-mood-board-these-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspo.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration)

</div>

If the recent discrimination allegations against Pinterest are leaving
you uninspired (if not quesy), here are some great alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Neat R Plots with the Cairo Graphics
Library](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/neat-r-plots-with-the-cairo-graphics-library)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/rgraph.jpg)](https://www.datasciencecentral.com/neat-r-plots-with-the-cairo-graphics-library)

</div>

R graphics tutorial: scatterplots with anti-aliasing, using the Cairo
library. Two lines of code to make much better visualizations in R.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[category-scatterplot/demo.ipynb at master ·
bjpcjp/category-scatterplot](https://github.com/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot/blob/master/demo.ipynb)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/b55410ce1dd0e2885d1171c7bea71f98143577d77c62a8ed974299d1a3f9b2e9/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot)](https://github.com/bjpcjp/category-scatterplot/blob/master/demo.ipynb)

</div>

Based on scatterplot by Myriam Barnes. A simple to viz categories in a
scatter plot. - bjpcjp/category-scatterplot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating Beautiful Topography Maps with
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-beautiful-topography-maps-with-python-efced5507aa3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*SPDzjeMe0WCCjhFV67ilpA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-beautiful-topography-maps-with-python-efced5507aa3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Who needs GIS when you can build eye-catching 3D topography maps with
Python?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Amelia Wattenberger](https://wattenberger.com/)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing Algorithms](https://bost.ocks.org/mike/algorithms)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[✚ How to Make Frequency Trails in
Excel](https://flowingdata.com/2021/12/22/how-to-make-frequency-trails-in-excel)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/frequency-trails-in-Excel.png?fit=1200%2C728&quality=100&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2021/12/22/how-to-make-frequency-trails-in-excel)

</div>

Also known as ridgelines, use the method to create a compact
visualization where you can easily identify major patterns and outliers.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Making a map in d3 js v
5](http://datawanderings.com/2018/10/28/making-a-map-in-d3-js-v-5)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Machine-Learning-Tokyo/Interactive_Tools: Interactive Tools for Machine
Learning, Deep Learning and
Math](https://github.com/Machine-Learning-Tokyo/Interactive_Tools)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/59ab9d502645883aaa186d2bd4c4f006d453f739a36d8392d3d36cdf40858859/Machine-Learning-Tokyo/Interactive_Tools)](https://github.com/Machine-Learning-Tokyo/Interactive_Tools)

</div>

Interactive Tools for Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Math -
Machine-Learning-Tokyo/Interactive_Tools

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Analyze 100-Dimensional Data with UMAP in Breathtakingly
Beautiful
W](https://towardsdatascience.com/beginners-guide-to-umap-for-reducing-dimensionality-and-visualizing-100-dimensional-datasets-ff5590fb17be?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*fDgxhHBEAC3qcS79_mq2Xw.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/beginners-guide-to-umap-for-reducing-dimensionality-and-visualizing-100-dimensional-datasets-ff5590fb17be?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create breathtaking visuals and “see” your data

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Detecting knee- / elbow points in a
graph](https://towardsdatascience.com/detecting-knee-elbow-points-in-a-graph-d13fc517a63c)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*uJLTM65JeNYnKbnomO8-TQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/detecting-knee-elbow-points-in-a-graph-d13fc517a63c)

</div>

Using “Kneedle” algorithmus detecting knees with Python package “kneed”

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PyMOL \| pymol.org](https://pymol.org/2)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[d3/d3-sankey: Visualize flow between nodes in a directed acyclic
network.](https://github.com/d3/d3-sankey)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/caed5120fe46bdb5a7e4a9fdbc96eccefe3f40afb80f217630150f273870e770/d3/d3-sankey)](https://github.com/d3/d3-sankey)

</div>

Visualize flow between nodes in a directed acyclic network. -
d3/d3-sankey

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Deep Scatterplots](http://creatingdata.us/techne/deep_scatterplots)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seaborn can do the job, then why
Matplotlib?](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-can-do-the-job-then-why-matplotlib-dac8d2d24a5f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*WulakottOyQ6wVNi)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-can-do-the-job-then-why-matplotlib-dac8d2d24a5f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Should you bypass Matplotlib?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[SubmarineCableMap2021](https://submarine-cable-map-2021.telegeography.com)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Interpreting Scattertext: a seductive tool for plotting
text](https://towardsdatascience.com/interpreting-scattertext-a-seductive-tool-for-plotting-text-2e94e5824858)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*NdrqMURvbkj1oNZgbepGJg.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/interpreting-scattertext-a-seductive-tool-for-plotting-text-2e94e5824858)

</div>

Scroll down to see how to interpret a plot created by a great tool for
comparing two classes and their corpora.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[PowerBI — The tool that is beating
Excel](https://towardsdatascience.com/powerbi-the-tool-that-is-beating-excel-8e88d2084213?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*U6CDgIAMt2l2vDoFqhwv6A.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/powerbi-the-tool-that-is-beating-excel-8e88d2084213?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Data analysis and visualization have always been extremely important
issues in the professional environment and a fundamental tool for
decision-making in companies. In this environment, Microsoft…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Show HN: MPL Plotter – Python library to make technical plots more
efficien](https://github.com/antonlopezr/mpl_plotter)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/bd14408038e7fe7b79ac1e967eeee771bdbd99ba14f2866ddde1d66c7493d446/alopezrivera/mpl_plotter)](https://github.com/antonlopezr/mpl_plotter)

</div>

Publication-quality data representation library based on Matplotlib. -
alopezrivera/mpl_plotter

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[chart-doctor/README.md at master ·
ft-interactive/chart-doctor](https://github.com/ft-interactive/chart-doctor/blob/master/visual-vocabulary/README.md)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/410cbb3df4d487472f44a4ea59c6941be81f45cf15f10eedb3f7747316a8135b/Financial-Times/chart-doctor)](https://github.com/ft-interactive/chart-doctor/blob/master/visual-vocabulary/README.md)

</div>

Sample files to accompany the FT's Chart Doctor column -
Financial-Times/chart-doctor

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Psychology behind Data Visualization
Techniques](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-psychology-behind-data-visualization-techniques-68ef12865720)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1030/1*D_BlbTgCY8ms1B0Mu3N5YA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-psychology-behind-data-visualization-techniques-68ef12865720)

</div>

A short excursion into the world of human visual information processing

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Make Beautiful Spatial Visualizations with Plotly and
Mapbox](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-beautiful-spatial-visualizations-with-plotly-and-mapbox-fd5a638d6b3c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*JavIMa_YMAhRBR5cnJZtQQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/make-beautiful-spatial-visualizations-with-plotly-and-mapbox-fd5a638d6b3c?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I recently wrote a post about visualizing weather data from NOAA. We
walked through processing the data and making some basic interactive
maps with Plotly. In this article I want to use the same data…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[newline-sandbox/d3-user-interactions](https://github.com/newline-sandbox/d3-user-interactions)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/638bed9822c2ffa7851b4e168e9d84023848f042e7652f8b4ab14d679da2b497/newline-sandbox/d3-user-interactions)](https://github.com/newline-sandbox/d3-user-interactions)

</div>

A D3 project showing a barchart that allows user interactions

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to make a beeswarm plot \|
RAWGraphs](https://rawgraphs.io/learning/how-to-make-a-beeswarm-plot)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Home Page - Intuitive Math](https://intuitive-math.club)

</div>

Intuitive Math Descriptions

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to Create PDF Reports with Python — The Essential
Guide](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-pdf-reports-with-python-the-essential-guide-c08dd3ebf2ee?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/0*5JasAjEbqxO13hMH.jpg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-pdf-reports-with-python-the-essential-guide-c08dd3ebf2ee?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create PDF reports with beautiful visualizations in 10 minutes or less.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Using strip charts to visualize dozens of time series at
once](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-strip-charts-to-visualize-dozens-of-time-series-at-once-a983baabb54f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*AOK7wXv1kQZ_Dnta)](https://towardsdatascience.com/using-strip-charts-to-visualize-dozens-of-time-series-at-once-a983baabb54f?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Strip charts are extremely useful to make heads or tails from dozens
(and up to several hundred) of time series over very long periods of…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[chart-doctor/visual-vocabulary at master ·
ft-interactive/chart-doctor](https://github.com/ft-interactive/chart-doctor/tree/master/visual-vocabulary)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/c4497a2177ac3a6a556bd66f1136dd3d458739d3855fbef00535ddbca52af508/Financial-Times/chart-doctor)](https://github.com/ft-interactive/chart-doctor/tree/master/visual-vocabulary)

</div>

Sample files to accompany the FT's Chart Doctor column -
Financial-Times/chart-doctor

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Annotated Heatmaps of a Correlation Matrix in 5 Simple Steps \| by
Julia
Kho](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:666/1*EuqHC0-iQpNW6yNMJdpbnA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/annotated-heatmaps-in-5-simple-steps-cc2a0660a27d)

</div>

A heatmap is a graphical representation of data in which data values are
represented as colors. That is, it uses color in order to…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Treemaps: Data Visualization of Complex
Hierarchies](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/treemaps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.nngroup.com/media/articles/opengraph_images/treemaps.png)](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/treemaps)

</div>

Creating usable, readable treemaps is difficult. They are a complex,
area-based data visualization for hierarchical data that can be hard to
interpret precisely.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gallery / D3 / Observable](https://observablehq.com/@d3/gallery)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/1ef827a19d556921d616d53f79fdd6f9eb4d030acb243d70559be3993e4a7292.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/gallery)

</div>

Looking for a good D3 example? Here’s a few (okay, …) to peruse.
Animation D3’s data join, interpolators, and easings enable flexible
animated transitions between views while preserving object constancy.
Interaction D3’s low-level approach allows for performant incremental
updates during interaction. And D3 supports popular interaction methods
including dragging, brushing, and zooming. Analysis D3 is for more than
visualization; it includes tools for quantitative analysis, such as data
transformation, rand

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Treemap \| the D3 Graph
Gallery](https://www.d3-graph-gallery.com/treemap.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://d3-graph-gallery.com/img/overview_RGG.png)](https://www.d3-graph-gallery.com/treemap.html)

</div>

How to build a treemap with Javascript and D3.js: from the most basic
example to highly customized examples.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Step by Step Guide to Interactive Choropleth Map in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-step-by-step-guide-to-interactive-choropleth-map-in-python-681f6bd853ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1068/1*3cqzLhxdUYUTWuaLJACQVQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-step-by-step-guide-to-interactive-choropleth-map-in-python-681f6bd853ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Learn to Develop Choropleth Map Easily Using Python’s Folium Library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Figures library - Impossible
world](https://im-possible.info/english/library/index.html)

</div>

Library of impossible figures. There's greyscale and wireframe versions
of figures.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Visualization Using Pandas
Bokeh](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-visualization-using-pandas-bokeh-109240770fd3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:788/1*wlPhSqHlhdQfTVowT0-RKA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-visualization-using-pandas-bokeh-109240770fd3?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Create stunning visualizations for Pandas DataFrames

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing TSNE Maps with
Three.js](https://douglasduhaime.com/posts/visualizing-tsne-maps-with-three-js.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://douglasduhaime.com/assets/posts/tsne-webgl/tsne-webgl-banner.jpg)](https://douglasduhaime.com/posts/visualizing-tsne-maps-with-three-js.html)

</div>

Working notes & digital experiments

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Want to ditch Pinterest? Here are the best alternatives for visual
inspirat](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration?partner=feedburner)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://images.fastcompany.com/image/upload/f_auto,q_auto,c_fit/wp-cms/uploads/2020/09/p-1-90547531-take-pinterest-off-your-mood-board-these-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspo.jpg)](https://www.fastcompany.com/90547531/want-to-ditch-pinterest-here-are-the-best-alternatives-for-visual-inspiration?partner=feedburner)

</div>

If the recent discrimination allegations against Pinterest are leaving
you uninspired (if not quesy), here are some great alternatives.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Choropleth Maps — 101 using
Plotly](https://towardsdatascience.com/choropleth-maps-101-using-plotly-5daf85e7275d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:990/1*sTOnccx-vLXkUMsXU9qG-A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/choropleth-maps-101-using-plotly-5daf85e7275d?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

I have been working as a Data Analyst for almost 5 years now but, in
this time I have mostly used business intelligence software for all…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Penrose: from mathematical notation to beautiful
diagrams](https://penrose.ink/siggraph20.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://penrose.cs.cmu.edu/media/PenroseTwitterCard_16x9.png)](https://penrose.ink/siggraph20.html)

</div>

Materials from our SIGGRAPH '20 paper.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 6 Python Libraries for Visualization: Which one to
Use?](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-6-python-libraries-for-visualization-which-one-to-use-fe43381cd658?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*CUq-RVgGP3Ur6m-Q)](https://towardsdatascience.com/top-6-python-libraries-for-visualization-which-one-to-use-fe43381cd658?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Confused about which Visualization Tool to Use? I Broke Down the Pros
and Cons of Each Libary for You

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[5 Lesser-Known Seaborn Plots Most People Don’t
Know](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-seaborn-plots-most-people-dont-know-82e5a54baea8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*HOv3qXGE-oOvdr-zXwDdgA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/5-lesser-known-seaborn-plots-most-people-dont-know-82e5a54baea8?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

But really should know

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Extraordinary Data Visualisation — Circular
Chart](https://towardsdatascience.com/extraordinary-data-visualisation-circular-chart-fe2d835ef929?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*zi5kOTxB0JiiwVqFayOwvQ.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/extraordinary-data-visualisation-circular-chart-fe2d835ef929?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A circular chart shows proportion and position relationships implemented
in Python Plotly

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Spike Map](https://observablehq.com/@d3/spike-map)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/d676c45a2c6089ee2edbf8af8dbd08c0ba82b17783576cfba412a2fb76391857.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/spike-map)

</div>

Estimated population by county, 2016. See also the bubble map as an
alternative presentation of this data, and an alternative implementation
with Observable Plot. Data: American Community Survey This dataset comes
from the U.S. Census API and contains three columns: the estimated
population (as a string), the two-digit state FIPS code, and the
three-digit county FIPS code. Since this dataset doesn’t include the
positions of the counties, this centroid helper method is used. It takes
a (already projected) Ge

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Simple Guide to Choropleth
Maps](https://towardsdatascience.com/simple-guide-to-choropleth-maps-bcddd45d74ed?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*QIR5bew_ef8YMid5)](https://towardsdatascience.com/simple-guide-to-choropleth-maps-bcddd45d74ed?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Choropleth Maps using Plotly to track COVID 19 cases.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating High Resolution Satellite Images with Mapbox and
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-high-resolution-satellite-images-with-mapbox-and-python-750b3ac83dd7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*BzaxmZjEVpTFtKJeex_ayg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-high-resolution-satellite-images-with-mapbox-and-python-750b3ac83dd7?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Ultra high resolution satellite and elevation imagery

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How to create Voronoi regions with Geospatial data in
Python](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-voronoi-regions-with-geospatial-data-in-python-adbb6c5f2134?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*38hPxtPELDZKks0U)](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-create-voronoi-regions-with-geospatial-data-in-python-adbb6c5f2134?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A step by step guide on creating and plotting Voronoi diagrams in Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Creating typography using word cloud in
python](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-typography-using-word-cloud-in-python-9652bd62fa69?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fill:1200:632/g:fp:0.48:0.63/1*g_qnEKdR8oL4znQAomZ-Bg.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/creating-typography-using-word-cloud-in-python-9652bd62fa69?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Picture is worth a thousand words. Literally! there are 2200+ words in
this picture. 😱

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Q-Q Plots
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/q-q-plots-explained-5aa8495426c0?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Not a Funnel! Use Sankey to represent your sales
process](https://towardsdatascience.com/not-a-funnel-use-sankey-to-represent-your-sales-process-9621b6578c42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*6l1gizfy5Nby6S-xv_WkMQ.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/not-a-funnel-use-sankey-to-represent-your-sales-process-9621b6578c42?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Traditional sales visualizations miss critical information about what is
happening in the sales process.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Hyperspectral Image Analysis — Getting
Started](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperspectral-image-analysis-getting-started-74758c12f2e9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:1200/0*BlIW2ZAhotX_jLVG)](https://towardsdatascience.com/hyperspectral-image-analysis-getting-started-74758c12f2e9?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A Walkthrough on Hyperspectral Image Analysis Using Python.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Histograms vs. KDEs
Explained](https://towardsdatascience.com/histograms-vs-kdes-explained-ed62e7753f12?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*zNxh7Alq1YJC2DIYJuziJw.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/histograms-vs-kdes-explained-ed62e7753f12?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Histograms and Kernel Density Estimators explained with bricks and
sandpiles

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rendering One Million Datapoints with D3 and
WebGL](https://blog.scottlogic.com/2020/05/01/rendering-one-million-points-with-d3.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://blog.scottlogic.com/ceberhardt/assets/d3fc-webgl/hathi-library-visualisation.png)](https://blog.scottlogic.com/2020/05/01/rendering-one-million-points-with-d3.html)

</div>

This blog post introduces the WebGL components which we recently added
to D3FC, this suite of components make it easy to render charts with
very large numbers of datapoints using D3. Throughout this post I'll
describe the creation of the following visualisation, which displays 1
million books from the Hathi Trust library

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[OpenAI Open Sources Microscope and the Lucid Library to Visualize
Neurons in Deep Neural Networks -
KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2020/04/openai-open-sources-microscope-lucid-library-neural-networks.html)

</div>

The new tools shows the potential of data visualizations for
understanding features in a neural network.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bar chart race with
Plotly](https://towardsdatascience.com/bar-chart-race-with-plotly-f36f3a5df4f1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:976/1*lvMMAZBvPwW38ap8xh8Xkw.gif)](https://towardsdatascience.com/bar-chart-race-with-plotly-f36f3a5df4f1?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Most common baby names in Barcelona

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[3 Python Visualization Libraries You MUST Know as A Data
Scientist](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-visualization-libraries-you-must-know-as-a-data-scientist-8d0cd25e1c73?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*78SqTXRXtDgc4rlrnmJzaA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/3-python-visualization-libraries-you-must-know-as-a-data-scientist-8d0cd25e1c73?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

In real life, data preprocessing is really a pain for most data
scientists. But with the help of data visualization libraries, it
actually…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Dynamic subplot layout in
Seaborn](https://towardsdatascience.com/dynamic-subplot-layout-in-seaborn-e777500c7386?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/da:true/resize:fit:954/0*G1i_0GGWweZQZfpx)](https://towardsdatascience.com/dynamic-subplot-layout-in-seaborn-e777500c7386?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Seaborn is one of the most used visualization libraries and I enjoy
working with it. In my latest projects, I wanted to visualize multiple…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualizing Three-Dimensional Data — Heatmaps, Contours, and 3D Plots
with](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualizing-three-dimensional-data-heatmaps-contours-and-3d-plots-with-python-bd718d1b42b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*EXNnh_OwmWsO4tgldFaEXA.jpeg)](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualizing-three-dimensional-data-heatmaps-contours-and-3d-plots-with-python-bd718d1b42b4?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

Plotting heatmaps, contour plots, and 3D plots with Python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Visualize Categorical Relationships With
Catscatter](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualize-categorical-relationships-with-catscatter-e60cdb164395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*KrbRuiBUy7LsADuQbcws1A.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/visualize-categorical-relationships-with-catscatter-e60cdb164395?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

What if you can create a scatter plot for categorical features?

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Seaborn Visualizations
Tutorial](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-visualizations-tutorial-c390bf1d43ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1200/1*lB6l0fgXgUo60VEqT6Q1MA.png)](https://towardsdatascience.com/seaborn-visualizations-tutorial-c390bf1d43ce?source=rss----7f60cf5620c9---4)

</div>

A walkthrough of many Seaborn tools using NHL Statistics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[✚ How to Make a Dynamic Multi-population Pyramid in
Excel](https://flowingdata.com/2020/02/28/how-to-make-a-dynamic-multi-population-pyramid-in-excel)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://i0.wp.com/flowingdata.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Pyramid-chart-in-Excel.png?fit=1200%2C728&quality=100&ssl=1)](https://flowingdata.com/2020/02/28/how-to-make-a-dynamic-multi-population-pyramid-in-excel)

</div>

Create better population pyramids that allow for improved comparisons
between sexes and populations.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Explorable Explanations](https://explorabl.es)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://explorabl.es/-sharing/index.png)](https://explorabl.es)

</div>

a hub for learning through play

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Zoomable Treemap](https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-treemap)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/f9497e80832db90c4469afba796cce32286507af92f747b937e48397d97e000a.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-treemap)

</div>

This treemap supports zooming: click any cell to zoom in, or the top to
zoom out.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Zoomable Area Chart](https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-area-chart)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/017cd861a20eb44c602a92eab0e375d8151b75717441d4b7cc019259136fcdd1.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/zoomable-area-chart)

</div>

This zoomable time series area chart shows the number of flights per
day. The effect of the September 11, 2001 attacks on air travel is
evident.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Rahul Agarwal on LinkedIn: \#datavisualization \#awesomevisualization
\#seaborn
\#python](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rahulagwl_3-awesome-visualization-techniques-for-every-activity-6622864648473538560-5PFp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C5634AQGtj7MPtATRiA/ugc-proxy-shrink_1280_800/ugc-proxy-shrink_1280_800/0/1607915945840?e=2147483647&v=beta&t=pksjY-VxMG3DKyCr33i69BWrPNkxkR0u3sGSRXqYQ2M)](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rahulagwl_3-awesome-visualization-techniques-for-every-activity-6622864648473538560-5PFp)

</div>

"Enter into picture Swarmplots, just like their name."
https://lttr.ai/MJtZ \#datavisualization \#awesomevisualization
\#seaborn \#python

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[507 Mechanical Movements](http://507movements.com)

</div>

Five Hundred and Seven Mechanical Movements, now Animated for the
Internet.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Gears – Bartosz Ciechanowski](https://ciechanow.ski/gears)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://ciechanow.ski/images/og/gears.jpg)](https://ciechanow.ski/gears)

</div>

Interactive article explaining how mechanical gears work.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HiPlot: High-dimensional interactive plots made
easy](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/hiplot-high-dimensional-interactive-plots-made-easy)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Printing Money](https://neal.fun/printing-money)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://neal.fun/share-cards/printing-money.png)](https://neal.fun/printing-money)

</div>

Visualize the flow of money

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Bar Chart Race,
Explained](https://observablehq.com/@d3/bar-chart-race-explained)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observableusercontent.com/thumbnail/49e3b8e7b5c25c76853ac31b4ed41e895e2facb91573182f4e68e995d0ccb899.jpg)](https://observablehq.com/@d3/bar-chart-race-explained)

</div>

This is a pedagogical implementation of an animated bar chart race. Read
on to learn how it works, or fork this notebook and drop in your data!
The data for the race is a CSV with columns date (in YYYY-MM-DD format),
name, value and optionally category (which if present determines color).
To replace the data, click the file icon

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Task-based effectiveness of basic
visualizations](https://blog.acolyer.org/2019/10/25/task-based-effectiveness-of-basic-visualizations)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[A Grammar of Graphics for Python – plotnine
0.13.6](https://plotnine.readthedocs.io/en/stable)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Plotnine Tracking
Example](https://gist.github.com/pspitler3/27ec565668c30dad2e2a321947fa546d)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.githubassets.com/assets/gist-og-image-54fd7dc0713e.png)](https://gist.github.com/pspitler3/27ec565668c30dad2e2a321947fa546d)

</div>

Plotnine Tracking Example · GitHub

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Installation — Datashader v0.16.3](http://datashader.org)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[An Orbit Map of the Solar
System](http://tabletopwhale.com/2019/06/10/the-solar-system.html)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://tabletopwhale.com/img/posts/19-06-10-A.jpg)](http://tabletopwhale.com/2019/06/10/the-solar-system.html)

</div>

A map of over 18,000 asteroids in the Solar System.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[How I draw figures for my mathematical lecture notes using
Inkscape](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-2)

</div>

In my previous blog post, I explained how I take lecture notes using Vim
and LaTeX. In this post, I’ll talk about how I draw figures for my notes
using Inkscape and about my custom shortcut manager.Some examples First,
let me show you some examples of figures…

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Welcome to Bokeh — Bokeh 1.0.4
documentation](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](http://static.bokeh.org/og/logotype-on-hex.png)](http://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest)

</div>

Bokeh is a Python library for creating interactive visualizations for
modern web browsers. It helps you build beautiful graphics, ranging from
simple plots to complex dashboards with streaming data...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Max Cooper - Emergence](http://emergence.maxcooper.net)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://emergence.maxcooper.net/src/gfx/share.jpg)](http://emergence.maxcooper.net)

</div>

Emergence is the story of natural laws and processes, their inherent
beauty, and their action to yield the universe, us and the world we live
in.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Python Data Visualization 2018: Why So Many
Libraries?](https://www.anaconda.com/blog/developer-blog/python-data-visualization-2018-why-so-many-libraries)

</div>

Anaconda is the birthplace of Python data science. We are a movement of
data scientists, data-driven enterprises, and open source communities.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Sector
Heatmaps](https://seekingalpha.com/article/4219154-sector-heatmaps)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.seekingalpha.com/uploads/2018/11/7/saupload_110618-Heatmap-4.png)](https://seekingalpha.com/article/4219154-sector-heatmaps)

</div>

Stock market rotation has been a pretty big theme this year but you
wouldn't necessarily know it from our sector performance heatmap.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[D3 circle scattering](https://codepen.io/davidrogers/pen/oPeWMp)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://shots.codepen.io/username/pen/oPeWMp-512.jpg?version=1540549635)](https://codepen.io/davidrogers/pen/oPeWMp)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[reiinakano/scikit-plot: An intuitive library to add plotting
functionality](https://github.com/reiinakano/scikit-plot)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/80898688/ff511000-6620-11e9-93e3-947e2fd4c1b1)](https://github.com/reiinakano/scikit-plot)

</div>

An intuitive library to add plotting functionality to scikit-learn
objects. - reiinakano/scikit-plot

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[HyperTools: A python toolbox for gaining geometric insights into
high-dimensional data — hypertools 0.6.2
documentation](http://hypertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Observable](https://beta.observablehq.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://static.observablehq.com/assets/marketing/meta/og-image-dark.png)](https://beta.observablehq.com)

</div>

The end-to-end solution for creating expressive data apps, dashboards,
and reports. Discover richer insights in your data today.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Top 50 ggplot2 Visualizations - The Master List (With Full R
Code)](http://r-statistics.co/Top50-Ggplot2-Visualizations-MasterList-R-Code.html)

</div>

R Language Tutorials for Advanced Statistics

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Beauty of Bresenham's
Algorithm](http://members.chello.at/~easyfilter/bresenham.html)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Layered Data Visualizations Using R, Plotly, and
Displayr](https://www.r-bloggers.com/layered-data-visualizations-using-r-plotly-and-displayr)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://www.displayr.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/ExerciseVisualConfection.png)](https://www.r-bloggers.com/layered-data-visualizations-using-r-plotly-and-displayr)

</div>

If you have tried to communicate research results and data
visualizations using R, there is a good chance you will have come across
one of its great limitations. R is painful when you need to...

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Data Visualization – Part
2](https://opendatascience.com/blog/data-visualization-part-2)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://opendatascience.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Untitled-1.png)](https://opendatascience.com/blog/data-visualization-part-2)

</div>

Stay up-to-date on the latest data science and AI news in the worlds of
artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning,
implementation, and more.

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[https://betterexplained.com/articles/colorized-math-equations/](https://betterexplained.com/articles/colorized-math-equations)

</div>

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[Parfit — quick and powerful hyper-parameter optimization with
visualization](https://medium.com/mlreview/parfit-hyper-parameter-optimization-77253e7e175e)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:534/1*HZfSg4ZezfgYCqsLE4ssqw.png)](https://medium.com/mlreview/parfit-hyper-parameter-optimization-77253e7e175e)

</div>

An introduction to parfit

</div>

<div class="card">

<div class="card-title">

[The Python Graph Gallery – Visualizing data – with
Python](https://python-graph-gallery.com)

</div>

<div class="card-image">

[![](https://github.com/holtzy/The-Python-Graph-Gallery/blob/master/static/overview_PGG.png?raw=true)](https://python-graph-gallery.com)

</div>

The Python Graph Gallery displays hundreds of charts made with Python,
always with explanation and reproduciible code

</div>

</div>
